The barracks were dark.
Though not as dark as they could be.

Countless tiny pale white nightlights were embedded into the bottom of the wall, near where it met the floor.
They were so dim that one could hardly tell that they were lit, even in the dark.
And yet despite their lack of power, the nightlights were absolutely necessary.
Without their nearly imperceptible glow the barracks would be so dark that there would be no difference between having your eyes open or shut.

Levi Athan listened to the quiet hum of the air ventilation system, and wondered what would happen if the power went out.
They'd all be stranded in the pure black, hundreds of feet underground, in an airtight box, slowly using up their oxygen, with no way to find the exit or even open the doors. 

But could that even happen though?
How many backup generators did this place even have?
And if they did go dark, how long would it be before help came to save them?

The familiar shrill beeping of an alarm clock chimed mercilessly through the barracks, waking up those who were still sleeping.
At the same time, the florescent ceiling lights flared to life.
Casting the functional, smooth concrete barracks into the harsh glare of artificial light.

The once tranquil room was now suddenly bustling with motion as forty odd men and women roused themselves and started quickly preparing for the day.
Many of them had official military training, and the ones who didn't were still expected to loosely match their pace. 

Levi was technically a civilian himself, though that didn't mean he was entirely untrained.
He was a senior member of Redgate personnel after all.
So he liked to think he was just as sharp as the rest of them.
Well... In the areas that actually mattered anyway.
 
"Mornin' everyone." Groaned a voice from the overhead bunk.

"Good morning Ben." Levi answered back to the short young man with red hair as he climbed down and rubbed at his eyes. 

The two of them didn't say much after that.
They just followed their usual routines, just as they would on any other day.
But as Levi put on his standard issue navy blue bulletproof vest he couldn't help but smile to himself.

Today was the day.
After almost two full months of being stuck down here, he was finally going to take some time off.
He almost didn't know what he was more excited to see again, the sky or his wife.

In just a few more hours and he would be happily waiting in quarantine.
Where he would be bored for three days before finally getting to go topside.
Oh how he was looking forward to it.
But before he could get to any of that, he still had the morning shift to deal with.

Levi let habit and muscle memory guide him as he equipped his gear and paced out into the hallway.
Then he turned on his data pad, which was basically just an awkwardly sized cross between a smartphone and a tablet, and double checked what his assignment was today.
"Checkup and morning feedi- …Checkup and breakfast... Wing 4-J. Holding cells eighteen through sixty."

Levi turned his DP off and stashed it in one of the pockets in his cargo pants, and started walking towards the 'specialty' kitchens.
"Alright, should be simple enough. Though they didn't really leave me a lot of room to chat... Not if I want to get to the infirmary on time for my appointment anyway."

For all that it was an engineering marvel, the Redgate facility wasn't all that visually interesting to look at.
It was mostly just a lot of plain grey concrete hallways, with high ceilings and an over abundance of highly elaborate door systems.

Though there were colored lines which ran along the walls that helped guide you around to various locations within the complex.
So that at least provided some contrast to the soulless, industrial grey color which dominated this place.

Levi knew his route well enough that he didn't need to follow the green line as it snaked along on the wall beside him, and soon enough he was at his destination.
"Goodmorning." Levi said cheerfully to the mildly stressed looking Asian woman who was quickly stacking up a bunch of cardboard boxes, as well as one conspicuously metal one, onto a trolly.

Akira Thao blinked at Levi, cursed in a language he didn't know, and smacked her forehead with the wrist of one gloved hand.
"Is it morning again? I must have lost track of time."

She looked at her neat stack of boxes and frowned.
"Why did no one tell us? If we had known, then we would have prepared proper breakfast style foods. Not that it really matters for half of them anyway."

Then she sighed and pointed at one of the boxes on the top.
"Ah whatever… Just be careful with this one right here. It's got some weird stuff in it, and it may explode like a balloon if you jostle it too much."

Levi took the trolly and gave the chef a small nod.
"I'll keep that in mind. Thank you."
And with that he started his rounds.

This time he did need to give one the maps on the wall a quick glance as he came up to it.
"Now let's see, which one was 4-J again? It's in high security right? Ah there it is… hm…"
Levi snapped his fingers together.
"Oh yeah! I remember now. That's the strip with Sanchez and Frank."

Levi pushed the trolly along at a steady speed, and soon enough he arrived at a large heavy looking door marked with the words "Wing 4-J".

With a yawn Levi swiped his ID card along the scanner with a beep.
Then the door made a hydraulic hissing sound, as it raised up to reveal yet another long hallway.
Only this one wasn't just plain old concrete, oh no.
Sure the floors and ceilings were the same standard grey, but both of the walls were replaced by rows and rows of what looked like huge, rainbow colored, floor to ceiling, stained glass windows.

Though upon closer inspection one would notice that there was something off about the martial.

The best way one could describe the strange glass was that it looked like someone crushed a bunch of overly polished marbles of every color imaginable into impossibly flat chips of glass.
Then spent hours painstakingly arranging them as best as they could so that from a distance it looked like all of the pieces kinda fit together.
Only the end result was somehow flipped vertically without any of the loosely assembled puzzle pieces falling out.

And of course that was only what it looked like in a still image.
Because the entire chaotic pattern of the shards would change and shift from one meaningless mosaic to the next as you observed it from different angles.
The more you moved your perspective, the faster it changed.
So if you ran past it at your top speed it would almost look like technicolored TV static.

Mana glass is what it was called, and it was a fascinating substance.
For all that it hurt Levi's eyes to look at the stuff. 

Levi swiped his card through one of the standard card reading machines.
It was just a little grey box with a screen and keypad, anchored on the wall just to the side of the door.
But for whatever reason the device looked so out of place when attached to a surface so thin and translucent.

Once the device was finished acknowledging him, Levi found the cardboard box which had a matching zipcode to the room and swung the door open carelessly.
The glass felt impossibly delicate in his hands, if only because it was so thin, but Levi wasn't worried about shattering it.

"Goodmorning Mr. Ah…" Levi racked his brain trying to recall the name "Rubert was it?"

Two pale eyes peered at Levi from behind the glass, as he stepped into the small chamber which separated the room from the hallway.
A tall slender man stood mostly motionless in the center of his colorful prison cell.
He looked old, his hair was falling out, and he had a grumpy, judgmental look on his face.

"I have breakfast for you. It's got little plastic spoons and stuff in there too, so maybe try using them this time?"
Levi set the package down on the ground next to the second door blocking entry into the cell, and stepped back out the way he came.
Then a few quick button presses later and the doors resituated themselves so that the man could enter the airlock and retrieve his package without ever having access to the hallway. 

"Once you're done with it, leave the box and the trash in the airlock this time. Instead of just letting it pile up in your living space. That way someone can retrieve it later."
Levi lectured.
"Otherwise they're probably gonna tranq' you and send in someone to do basic housekeeping. Unless you want to keep the boxes for some reason?"

A vacant groan was the only reply. 

Levi nodded briskly to himself, then moved on to the next room.

The, for the most part, sleepy residents of wing 4-J began to slowly wake up with the arrival of one of their wardens.
Though the news bearly spread any faster then Levi moving down the line anyway.

The reason for this was simple.
It was because of one of the many weird properties of mana glass.
You see most sound, light, and stuff could pass through one pain of it without being too distorted.
But if it passed through a second pain that was at least half a foot away from the first, then it would get almost entirely cancelled out.
Which meant that each resident here could only see into the hallway, and into the cells directly to the left and right of them.

Levi by contrast could hear and see them all, which wasn't necessarily a good thing.
Especially once enough of the crazy ones realised he was around.
All of the screaming, howling, whispering, gibberish, and whatever else combined together into a rather unsettling cacophony of noise. 
Still, Levi was ashamed to admit, you did eventually get used to the sound.

They weren't all as far gone as Rubert… or Robert… or whatever his real name was. 
Some of them were worse.
Some of them were better.
Others were just… Different...

They were the test subjects of Redgate.
The victims of strange matter “research”.

Despite his good mood, Levi couldn’t help but feel a flash of anger and righteous indignation wash over him as he thought about just how much he hated this place.
Redgate was a prison for the innocent, a hospital which made people sick, an asylum which created monsters only to lock them away forever, and just a really dangerous place to be in general.

He would gladly shut the whole place down in a heartbeat if he could.
But of course, he could never hope to accomplish something like that.
Because Redgate was just one branch of a terrifyingly powerful shadow organization known as the Department of Unnatural Defence.
And he was just… Some random guy from North Dakota.

So what could he do in the end?
Even if he devoted his entire life to taking down the redgate project, he would still end up as nothing more than a mere nuisance to the shady powers that ran the show.

Perhaps becoming a nuance to something so morally bankrupt would have been the noble thing to do, even if it meant sacrificing everything.
But if it was, then Levi was unwilling to pay the price of being noble. 
And could you really blame him for that?
After all, his wife and unborn child were a part of the 'everything' he'd have to pay.

No…
He could never live with himself if he let them get mixed up in all of this. 
Which is why he was going to keep his head down, do his job, and keep his mouth shut.
These experiments were going to happen, regardless of anything he did.
So he might as well be one of the people who dealt with the aftermath.

At least on the inside he would have some way to help these people.
Even if it was just something as simple as being kind to them, and treating them like people.

Levi took a deep breath, and he pushed down the guilt and fear which haunted him.
Amidst the shrinking cries of monsters, and nightmares, and people, he whispered something under his breath. 
"I don't start these fires. I just help put them out."

It was a mantra he often repeated.
A reassuring metaphor which helped remind him of where his place was in all of this madness.

"Levi?" A deep, baritone, and only somewhat stuffy voice asked in surprise.

Levi snapped out of the moody autopilot he had fallen into and glanced into the cell beside him.
A large and muscular black mad snapped his book shut, and set it down on the table for later, before walking up to the glass with a big smile on his face.
"I thought you were leaving today?"

"Goodmorning Sanchez." Levi nodded "And yeah, I'm going to be heading into quarantine in a few hours."

Sanchez's smile faded a bit at that but he nodded back understandingly.
"Well I guess I should say my goodbyes before you go then… Thank you mister Athan, for getting me comics, and books, and just… Listening to me. It… means more to me then you know."

Levi smiled sadly as he stepped into the airlock with a package in hand.
"I only wish I could have done more. Hang in there man."

He set the package down, retrieved the empty box from yesterday, and was about to step out of the chamber when a polite cough caught his attention.
Sanchez hesitated next to the door for a second before working up the courage to ask.
"Can I... Shake your hand before you go?"

Levi froze.
He wasn't supposed to enter a subject's cell unless it was absolutely necessary.
And that wasn't just the suits being overly paranoid either.
Getting stuck in the same room as an out of control individual was one of the main ways people died down here.

Now to be fair, Sanchez was not some kind of dangerous lunatic.
In fact he was perfectly sane and reasonable.
However… There was a reason why he was put in a high security cell.
If it wasn't for the glass between them, then he could easily snap Levi's neck.
He wouldn't even have to touch him to do it!

Levi considered the request for exactly one moment before nodding.
“Sure.” he said casually, as he went to the mid chamber control console, closed the door to the hallway, and opened the door into the cell.

Yes, Levi knew that he was giving Sanchez the ability to hurt or even kill him by doing this. 
But… he honestly wasn't too concerned about it.
Most people he knew could kill him just as easily, even without telkenetic powers.
All they needed was one of the multi purpose firearms that were standard issue for blue vests like himself, or pretty much any other weapon really.
After all, the human body was a fragile thing, and it didn't take a whole lot of force to kill someone.

That was the thing.
Feeling safe around others was not about them being incapable of hurting you.
It was about trusting them not to try in the first place.
And Levi trusted Sanchez to stay civil.
At the very least he probably wouldn't attack him without a reason.

Because he was smart, wickedly so.
He knew full well that Levi was just a disposable pawn.
So there would be no benefit to hurting him, or for trying to take him as a hostage. 
Neither could he intimidate him into letting him out, because the automated system would detect him in the chamber and refuse to open the door without receiving further clearance that Levi could not provide him.

And of course, the most obvious reason why Levi felt safe around Sanchez was because they were friends.
Not good friends mind you, more of acquaintances really.
But they did understand each other.
And that was enough.

Sanchez smiled and offered out his hand, which Levi gladly took.
Unsurprisingly he had an exceptionally firm grip.
"I'd be lying if I said that I didn't want you to stay."
Levi suddenly found himself being pulled into a big bear hug.
"But that would be unfair and selfish of me. There is no reason why you should be a prisoner down here too. Not when you have a baby on the way."

Eventually Sanchez loosened his grip, and Levi saw that he had tears in his eyes.
Somewhat embarrassed, the large burly man combed his fingers into his unkempt afro.
Which, like his beard, had an awfully unnatural looking black and yellow tiger striped pattern to it.
"Just… Tell me that this won't be the last time I will get to talk with you. You will come back here eventually. Correct?"

There was a subtle hint of desperation in the man's rich voice, which only made Levi feel even more guilty.
He always felt uncomfortable when a jumper expressed gratitude towards him.

Yeah, he did work hard to make their lives as bearable as he possibly could. 
But in some ways he preferred the ones who just blindly hated him for being a blue vest.
Mostly because he couldn't shake the feeling that jumpers who accepted him as their friend were suffering from some kind of Stockholm syndrome. 
Prisoners shouldn't become friends with their captures so easily after all.

Still… Stockholm syndrome or not, he did not regret spending so much of his free time with them.
Because they were still people, and everyone needs someone to talk to.

Levi smiled, and pretended not to notice the tears.
"Oh definitely. What? Do you think I'd be stupid enough to try retiring? Hasn't anyone ever told you that that is extremely bad luck?"

Sanchez cracked a smile.
”Ah, that's right… I almost forgot how superstitious you vests can be."

”Oh you don't know the half of it." Levi agreed. "My buddy Lance is about ten times worse than I am in that regard. He's actually where I get most of it from."
He shrugged "But hey, I can't really blame him. We deal with unknown and unpredictable crap all of the time. So it's only natural that we'd try to spot any patterns that might keep us safe.  Regardless of how crazy or far-fetched they are. We all know that magic is real after all, and that alone is enough to make anyone more accepting of superstitious ideas I think."

"Fair point." Sanchez nodded smoothly. "Though I wonder. Does it still count as superstition if it's proven to be true through observation and testing? Can we even still call it magic if we know for a fact that it exists?"

Sanchez gave Levi a searching look then flicked his hand dismissively.
"Then again. How much do I know about magic? They didn't exactly explain much to me when they were forcibly pumping it into my bloodstream."

Levi cast his eyes down to the colorful glass which covered the ground.
Regret was clearly written on his face, even though it was not his fault.
At the very least, not in this particular case.

Sanchez snickered.
"Oh, chin up. There's no need for you to feel sorry for me. I got off pretty lucky all things considered. I still have my sanity, and I don't have to live with any other side effects apart from the yellow in my hair."

Levi gave the man a pointed look.
"I wouldn't say that your hair is the only side effect. What about when you actually use your power?"

Sanchez hesitated uncomfortably, then shrugged.
"That… Doesn't matter. My… abilities are purely under my own control. So I can always just choose not to use them."
He sighed, and his deep voice grew softer. 
"I'm lucky in that regard as well. From what I understand, not everyone is so fortunate."

The two of them fell silent for a while.
Then their conversation pivoted towards less heavy subjects.

Levi listened to his friend gush over one of the comics he had read, only to slip into a passionate rant about all the stupid plotholes in the book he was in the middle of, and then somehow their conversation managed to get into the over the top drama fest that was pro wrestling.

Levi would never have expected it from someone as… intellectual as Sanchez, but wrestling was actually something of a guilty pleasure of his.
Once he got past his embarrassment, he could talk for hours about the over the top spectacle.

But Levi didn't have hours.
And so all too soon he was saying his goodbyes.
"See you again in a few months. When I do, I'll bring you back some more reading materials and dvds."

Sanchez smiled gratefully and waved as Levi stepped from the chamber back into the hallway.
"See you then. Mr. Athan."
Then he disappeared behind the glass.

Levi checked his watch and frowned.
He'd have to keep things brief from this point on if he wanted to stay on schedule. 
Especially if more people wanted to say goodbye to-

A huge black shape suddenly came crashing against the paper thin glass with enough force to make the surrounding concrete vibrate.
The mana glass itself however, didn't so much as wable under the strain of the impact, despite its incredibly fragile appearance.

“Gha!” Levi shouted reflexively as he jumped backwards.
The shock nearly made him drop the, slightly heavier than normal, cardboard box he was holding.
Though honestly it was his fault for not paying attention to what cell he was coming up on.
"You have got to stop doing that Eddy." He pleaded shakily, as he stopped to look the monster… the child straight in the eyes. 

Eddy’s legs, chest, and upper face still looked mostly human, but it was hard to look past the giant clawed arms, lashing tendrils of bone, and all the many, many mandibles that now served as the poor kid’s mouth.

Levi sighed… and tried to muster a smile.
"How are you doing kid? Are your wounds healing?"
He cast a quick glance at the untreated bullet wounds which riddled the boy's chest, shoulders, and tentacles.
As well as the dried black and red blood witch stained what remained of his bright orange jumpsuit.

Eddy didn't respond.
He just cocked his head to the side like an animal, and panted heavily.
It was a disconcertingly wet sound, which made Levi's skin crawl.

His almost metallic looking tendrils scraped and clawed against the glass longingly, as he stared at Levi's left pupil with a hungry desire. 
At least... Levi assumed it was desire.
The part of Eddy’s face that still looked human was frozen in an endless expression of shock and bewilderment, so it was hard to tell what he was thinking, if anything.

"I've got some food for you." Levi said with a smile as he checked the label on the box. "It says here that it's medicated with antibiotics, so it may taste a bit different. But hey, this time they left the bones in it for you to play with, so that's nice. Right? Either way it's fresh, so it has got to be better than…"

Levi deliberately did not let his eyes drift to the limp figure silently floating behind Eddy, as if hung by an invisible noose that didn't quite line up with the pull of gravity.

It had been nearly two weeks since the late Mr. Gove got trapped in Eddy's cell, but his severely battered and bloodstained corpse was still just stuck in there, slowly rotting away.
It was not a pleasant sight to see, but what else were they supposed to do?
Send someone else in there to go get him and risk giving Eddy a second corpse to play with? 
He faked being sedated once before.
So how were they to know for sure that any of the improved formulas actually worked on him?

Maybe Levi would have thought differently if he had known Gove a little better than he did, but he personally didn't think that retrieving the body was worth the risk.
And that was a reasonable position to hold, even if it did make Levi feel sick to his stomach every time he saw the corpse. 
The worst part was that the entire situation wasn't even that uncommon down here.
Gove's fate was just the latest in a long, long line of sickeningly routine deaths.

Eddy's gaze reminded laser focused on Levi's left eye until the sound of the chamber door opening snapped him out of his trance.
Then he exploded into motion and aggressively tried to fill the tiny space.
Just to be a few feet closer to his target.

Given his monstrous appearance, one might expect Eddy to make an equally monstrous sound.
A terrifying roar, a low growl, a piercing shriek, a series of chittering clicks, or some other kind of entirely alien sound perhaps?
Any one of them would have seemed perfectly appropriate for the nightmare that pressed itself against the glass.
But despite his clearly aggressive body language, the monster was surprisingly silent.
The only sounds he ever made were that of his mandibles tapping into each other, his laboured breathing, and the incidental rattling of his hard, segmented tentacles brushing against things.

Levi shook his head.
"You know what? Nevermind. Enjoy your chicken."

Eddy ignored the package that was meant for him, and instead he definitely braced his creepy limbs against the walls, the foor, and even the ceiling.
He was trying to do anything and everything he could to get as much traction as possible.
Because he knew what was coming next.

Levi waited for a few seconds, then he sighed.
"Can we not do this today? I've got somewhere to be, and you're still injured."

Eddy's tense guard did not falter in the face of his complaining, so Levi just shrugged and entered a command into the keypad.
"Suit yourself."

A ear piercing mechanical humming sound began buzzing loudly as the door which Eddy was pressed against started slowly moving inwards.
He fought the motion viciously, but even his mutated body and enhanced abilities were no match for the hidden machines and motors which drove it.
All he could do was struggle against it as the door slowly pushed him and his breakfast back into his room.
Though the fact that he could slow it down so much was a testament to just how strong he really was. 

Levi rubbed at his eyes as the machines screamed and strained.

Try as he might, Eddy couldn't fight the door forever.
It's push was unyielding, and after every quarter inch of ground it took it would lock it's progress, preventing Eddy from ever gaining any ground back.

A truly massive force could technically overwhelm the hidden engines which pushed the door back, as they were just good old fashioned metal machinery, without any supernatural elements.
But even if they did blow out, the chamber would still remain sealed.
The only way out was to actually open the door, rather than just pushing it back to its starting position.

Of course…
No one could tell Eddy that.

He pushed and pushed, until his wounds reopened and fresh blood started oozing out of him.
And even then he kept going, fighting a futile battle to hold his ground.
But in the end he was doomed to fail.

The second door closed and locked in front of the first.
Slicing down like a knife that was so impossibly thin that it could easily squeeze between Eddy's claws and the door without it cutting him.
Then the first door slid back to its original position. 
Leaving the chamber completely empty.

Eddy didn't throw a tantrum or howl in rage at his defeat.
He just sat there in the pile of junk and shredded cardboard which had slowly accumulated since they stopped sending people into his room.
His living space was a total mess, and it wasn't just the heaps of old paper plates and unused napkins which polluted it.
It was also the tiny floating fragments of bone that hung in the air like specks of snow suspended in the world's most terrifying snowglobe.

And in the corner of the room was a mug full of his most prized possessions.
About half a dozen eyes as well as a few corneas that, by this point, were rotten beyond recognition.
Most of them were taken from various animals that had been offered to him as either tests or food, but Levi knew that two of them were human.
And what made it even creepier was the fact that all of them were specifically left eyes.
Eddy had literally no interest in right eyes for some reason, and he could somehow always tell which ones were which.

Levi gave the boy a disapproving look.
"You know? One of these days you're going to be so focused on me that you'll lose your meal in all of that mess. Well, not this meal obviously. It has bones in it. But that's just because they want to bribe you into taking your medicine. Once they're sure you're better it's straight back to spam for you."

Eddy didn't reply.

Levi sighed.
"Goodbye Eddy… Try not to eat anyone while I'm gone."
Then, despite himself, his eyes slowly drifted to the slightly gnawed on corpse in the air, and his stomach lurched.
He really shouldn't have looked, but horrific things like that just had a way of drawing the eyes.

How long had he stared at the sickening sight?
Seconds? Minutes? He couldn't say. 
But after a while, Levi felt like he should say something.
So he opened his mouth and-

A young woman's voice interrupted him.
"Tell me crocodile. Why do you talk at the dead? They are even less 'here' than the fools who think they live."

Levi froze.
Eddy's general creepiness had already put him a bit on edge, but now his heart was pounding in his chest.
Because he knew that cold, rhythmic, voice… He knew who it belonged to.
And she terrified him far more than any common monster ever could.

Levi forced a smile and turned.
Her cell was a little ways down, so it was at an angle which overlapped the glass, making it impossible for him to see her, or for her to see him.
But she knew he was there all the same.

Levi's mouth had gone dry and he was starting to sweat, but he kept his own voice calm as he spoke.
"You know… I hadn't actually said anything yet." He interjected as he pushed the trolly further along so that he could see her. 

Levi rolled past a few cells that he'd have to go back for in a minute.
But he just had to check to make sure she was still there.
Safely contained by the invincible glass which blocked and filtered out magic.
Though the more logical part of him already knew that she must be.
Because if she had escaped then everyone and everything would already be gone.
Even still, Levi couldn't help but breath a small sigh of relief when he saw her in the same spot that she had always been.

A young woman stood in the center of an empty cell.
One which lacked any of the furnishings or amenities that the other cells typically had.
There wasn't even a sink or toilet installed, only pipes and unfinished plumbing where they should have been. 
But if she was bothered by the lack of such things she didn't show it.

She had long blond hair, and she looked young, bearly an adult.
Levi wouldn't exactly call her beautiful, though it would definitely be unfair to call her ugly.
Plain would probably be the word that'd fit her best, or perhaps average.
Though despite her naturally homely appearance, there was something else about her which seemed to project an almost inhuman aura of grace. 

Perhaps it was the way she held herself?
Her reserved, almost condescending expressions? 
The rhythmic way she spoke as if everything rhymed or was part of a pome?
Either way there was something hauntingly timeless about her which captivated people.
It was almost as if she were some greek goddess wearing the skin of a mortal.  

She... Actually looked pretty normal all things considered.
NDT was the term the coats used.
No Discernable Transformation
It basically meant that she was still fully human, that her body hadn't changed in any physical way when exposed to strange matter.
Though there was one thing which made her stand out among the rest of her fellow jumpers.
She was wearing an expensive white cocktail dress, rather than one of the standard bright orange jumpsuits which the test subjects got their nickname from. 

Levi didn't know her real name.
As she had been a part of the Redgate project for longer than he had.
So the only thing he ever knew her by was her 'project name'.

"Goodmorning Conscience."
He said flatly before turning the trolly around to go back for the people he skipped.

Conscience may have been physically normal, but her mind was… gone. 
Levi had never known anything different from her, but these days she spent her time staring intensely into random corners of her cell.
Tracking far away things with her eyes which only she could see.
Sometimes she would mumble cryptic phrases to herself, or even make passing comments to people as they passed by.

But it wasn't like you couldn't hold a conversation with her.
Because she didn't listen, she didn't respond.
Her mind was always somewhere... else… far far away.
Watching the future, or a past that never came to be. 
Anywhere other than the here and n-

"Oh but we both know you were going to. Besides, that still doesn't answer my question crocodile. Why would you talk to those who will not hear you?"

Levi paused mid stride and felt an icy chill run down his spine.
He abandoned his trolly and nearly jumped back to where he was a moment ago.
Standing right infront of Conscience's cell.

"Did you just… Answer me?"
He almost couldn't believe it but…
She was looking straight at him wasn't she?
Not past him, not through him, but at him. 

She was here!

Conscience gave Levi a disdainful look, and somehow managed to look down upon him while being shorter than him by a fair bit.
"I gave you an answer, and now I expect one in return."

Levi swallowed hard and considered his next move.
Normally he would jump at an opportunity to talk with a jumper during a moment of lucidity but…

Conscience was one of, if not the most powerful jumper that redgate had ever created.
She could gaze into the past, and see any number of possible futures.
But what was far worse, was that she could also reach into the minds of others and control them.
She could retroactively manipulate the thoughts and actions of anyone or anything that had ever lived, or that ever would live in the future.
And if there were limits to her powers, then they were never discovered. 

She could have destroyed the world.
She would have destroyed the world.
But, she was stopped by the one and only person who could.
Herself.

Levi wasn't there when this all happened, but he heard the stories.
Stories of a young woman who gained godlike powers.
But when she looked into her own future, she saw that her newfound gifts would come at a terrible price.
She was going to lose herself, her mind was going to rot away, and she would change into something sinister.
And that thing… that monster... would bring about the end of all things.

So she did the only thing that she could do.
She locked herself away, and altered the timeline to make sure that no one would ever let her out. 

Levi wasn't exactly sure how much of that story was real, and how much was exaggeration.
But what he did know for sure, was that in the six years he had worked here.
He had never seen her sleep, he had never seen her eat, and no one had ever been asked to enter her cell for any reason.

"I suppose I do it for my own sake more than anything." Levi admitted with a shrug.
He figured that honesty would be the best policy in this case. "It's just one of those sentimental things we humans do."

Levi tried his best to remain outwardly causal as he took out his data pad and started texting an alert to one of the white coats, informing them of the situation and asking for advice on what to do next. 
The answer came back swiftly.

Keep her talking.

Conscience just shook her head and tisked disapprovingly. 
"You let anxiety guide you over trust, and it leads you here. Very well... Ask me a question crocodile, and I will answer it. But only if it is your own, and no one else's."

Levi looked down at his DP.
It was already lighting up with suggestions, questions that the listening scientists wanted to know, a set script for him to follow.
Then he looked a back up at the woman's expectant expression.
And he put his DP back into his pocket.

Perhaps he was way off with this, but he was fairly certain that she wouldn't answer him unless his question was something that only he would ask. 
And so, despite him desperately wanting to know why she chose today of all days to start paying attention again, he decided to ask her about something a little more personal.

"Why do you call me crocodile? Is it some sort of joke? Or a nickname maybe? Because I'll be honest, I've always found it kinda... Random... And a bit weird."

The young woman blinked and cocked her head with genuine surprise.
"Is it not obvious?"
She looked confused.
No... it was more than that.
She looked at him as if he was the crazy one for not making the connection. 

It was such a normal, human, expression.
Which made it all the more disturbing when the expression twisted into something… else.
An uncanny, condescending, mockery of a smile, full of spite, malice, and sadistic glee.
Gone was the vague woman in the white dress.
In her place was something far more sinister.
Something dark, something eternal, something… evil. 
Wearing a face that did not belong to it.

The thing laughed and the sound it made was madness, and the foundation of nightmares.
"So... The play begins and the first act fast approaches. Time runs thin, and the crocodile is yet to swallow the clock. He does not see the script before him, but he waits to read his lines all the same. The audience listens with anticipation. For they have seen this play before, and they know what comes next. That forgotten sound, which never stops, a calm and lazy warning… Tick, tock... tick.. tock..."

Levi wanted to run, he wanted to scream.
But at the same time… he knew that his window to talk with her was quickly closing.
She was already becoming more cryptic by the second.
So Levi coughed politely and moved onto his first question.
"Why are you talking with me anyway? What's so special about today?"

"...tick… tock… tick… tock… tick… tock… tick… tock…"
It was too late. 
The moment had already passed, and her face was slowly relaxing back into its usual smug look of condescending disinterest.
Her eyes shifted from piercing his soul to glaring at something off on the other side of the solar system, and just like that the nightmare was gone and the vague young woman was back to mutter cryptic jargon to herself.

Levi tried to talk with her some more, but it was clear that she had stopped listening to him. 
She just kept repeating the same two words over and over.
"...tick… tock… tick… tock…"
This wasn't the first time that she had gotten stuck on a word or phrase.
She was probably going to keep repeating it for anywhere from a few hours to a few days more before remembering to stop.

Levi sighed and took his vibrating DP out of his pocket.
He was half expecting to see a list of complaints about him not picking an approved question, but to his surprise they had a different request for him.
"Deathrattle?" He frowned "What is Chris doing this time? And why do they need me specifically, when they know I'm about to go to medical?"

No one answered him. 

Levi sighed, checked the time, and sent the infirmary a message telling them he'd be late.


……….


Levi didn't need to check the maps to figure out where he was going. 
Project Deathrattle, or as he knew her, Chris Brine, was someone that he visited quite often.
In a way they were friends, though not in the same way as Sanchez.
It was more that he was the only one she listened to, because to an extent, he was the only one who really understood her.

"Oh thank God you're here."
A rough voice blurted out as Gerald quickly approached.
Gerald Hothorn was a large burly fellow, who had excessivly developed muscles to the point where it actually impeded his mobility, though admittedly not by too much.
He had a rather square jawline, and his head was hairless to the point of being shiny.
Though you couldn't see it because he was wearing the same navy blue bass ball cap that all of the vests wore as part of their basic uniform. 

"What's going on Gerald? What happened?"
Levi kept power walking as they spoke, Gerald matched his pace.

"It's Deathrattle. Told her you were leaving and she got mad. Started hitting her face against the glass. Won't stop. I tried to put her to sleep but she's been stuffing her food through the vents, and now they're all blocked all up. The gas can't get to her."
Gerald clutched his drawn MP pistol tightly as they ran.
He was not the most expressive man in the world, but even still, Levi could tell that he was shaken by this.

And why shouldn't he be?
The procedure had broken down, and now it was very likely that someone was going to get hurt… or worse.
So if someone was going to die today, then there was no way he was going to let it be him.

It didn't help that they were in the low security section of the facility.
The cells here lacked the miraculous rainbow colored crystal, and instead were adorned with several inches of thick bulletproof plexiglass.
It certainly looked far more impressive, but nearly any blue would have preferred to work with the paper thin, seizure inducing glass instead.
Because mana glass, did, not, brake… ever. 
Whereas every other material lacked that level of certainty. 
It all could potentially fail if pushed hard enough.

Levi winced as he heard the first thud, then the second, then the third.
Each one getting louder as he got closer.
"Chris!" He snapped furiously as he rounded the corner and saw her.

A large patch of sparse blood speckled the half a foot of glass, and behind that was a young, short, blond, teenager, with a heavily bruised face. 
She wore a scowl as she looked at Levi.
"Why didn't you tell me?" She hissed bitterly, blood pouring out of her mouth as she opened it.

Levi sighed and adopted a more gentle tone. 
"I did tell you. Remember?"

Chris pounded her first against the glass and screamed.
"You said that you were going to have a kid! NOT THAT YOU WERE LEAVING!"
There was hatred in her voice, pure and raw.
Sometimes it felt as if that was the only thing she could feel anymore.

"YOU PROMISED ME IT WOULD GET BETTER!!! YOU PROMISED!!!"
She shrieked, her words garbled almost to the point of losing their meaning. 

Levi… simply stood there… eyes cast to the ground... silently waiting.
All the while Chris raged and raged, pounding the glass until her fists were raw.

Gerald couldn't watch.
Instead he gave Levi a small nod and walked a bit to the side so as to not be in view of the poor girl.  

Eventually, after her knuckles were bloodied, the girl finally began to slow, and the embers of her rage began to subside slightly.
She didn't cry, she couldn't cry.
Her tears had been burnt up as fule for the hatred that she could never escape from. 

At last Levi finally raised his head.
"Can we-"

He got no further.
The fires reignited, fury returned, and the wait began a new.

Gerald left, muttering something about a straitjacket, and telling Levi to call should he need backup. 

Levi nodded, and continued his wait. 
How long had it been?
He hadn't been checking the time, but it felt like forever.
Still he stood there, motionless, silently hanging his head.
Waiting for a quiet moment in the storm of vitriol.

Some part of him wondered if she would ever calm down, if it was hopeless to even try to reach her this time.
But he pushed that part of him down, as he always did when he tried to talk to her. 
All he had to do was be patient.

Because he knew that, as hot and acidic as it was, Chris's anger wasn't real.
Or rather... it was real, but it also wasn't hers.
It was a plain, simple, invasive emotion that lacked any foundation or nuance. 
Like a fire burning off of nothing but crumpled up balls of paper instead of wood, her anger burned with a bright impressive display, but it also burned itself out remarkably quickly.

So Levi waited, his eyes closed, listening to the flames of anger slowly dying out.
Waiting for there to be nothing left but ash.
At last he lifted his head once more, and spoke very calmly.
"Can we talk?"

Chris gave him no response.
She had fallen to her knees at some point during the shouting.
And now she was looking down at her knuckles.

Her skin and flesh had almost been worn away completely, and the crystalline bones in her fingers had been shattered. 
Fragments of pale turquoise stone were clearly visible as they protruded out from her wounds like shards of broken glass. 

She glared at them with annoyance as they ever so slowly rearranged themselves to once again fit into the approximate shape of normal human knuckle bones. 
The flesh would regenerate as well, though without suffering a far greater injury, it would take a lot longer for such minor wounds to mend.

Then Chris looked up.
Her face was still covered in blood, and her dull turquoise eyes looked fake and unfinished. 
As if some skilled artisan had tried to make her glass eyes out of quartz and gemstones.
But gave up halfway through, before they had a chance to smooth them out or polish them enough to fit comfortably within a human eye socket.
Though, if her stony eyes were uncomfortable, it didn't seem to bother her too much.

"You told me it would get better…"
The girl repeated, her words quiet, yet drenched in frustration and pain.

Levi blinked.
He wasn't expecting her to still be upset.
Normally when he did this, she just became emotionally burnt out and… a bit hollow.
But this time, she was still somewhat angry, and Levi suspected that this anger wouldn't fade away so easily.
Because this time, some of her anger came from somewhere real, somewhere human.

A few wooden sticks, still burning amidst the ashes of paper.

"How can I get better when you're abandoning me?" She scoffed bitterly. "No one else down here talks to me, I need you!"

Levi spread out his arms.
"Well what would you have me do? Stay down here forever? I'm going to be a father in a few months Chris. Would you rather I abandon my own child?"

"Yes." Chris spat back instantly, only to blink rapidly as she realised what it was that she was saying. "I mean, No? I…"
She sagged, and ground her teeth in frustration.
The sound it made was like breaking glass, and as she did it, fresh blood started to pour out from her mouth.

And then, finally, the fire went out completely.
She turned back to Levi and gave him a bloody lipped smile.
"I guess it's over then… hu? It seems we both failed each other."

Levi shook his head vigorously. 
"I wouldn't say that. You've made incredible progress over the past year."

Chris wiped blood off of her face and on to her sleeve adding fresh red to a tapestry of blood stains of various ages.
As she did she chuckled bitterly to herself.
"You're wrong. I'm simply more aware of myself than I used to be. Doesn't mean I can change anything."

Levi raised an eyebrow.
"And you think I could?"

Chris spit blood on her padded floor, showing complete disregard for the people who'd eventually have to clean her cell.
"No… But at least you give me a reason to want to be better."

Levi shifted his weight from one foot to the other uncomfortably.
It always shocked him just how few psychiatrists there were under Redgate's employ.
Especially when considering the fact that one of the main goals was to reduce the chances of mental corruption.

Then again… he could see the cruel logic behind it.
They already knew that Chris' mind was at least partially damaged by what they did. 
So what was the point in wasting resources trying to fix her?
Better for them to just move on to the next hapless victim, in the hopes that they would be easier to manage.

"I'll talk to the boys before I go." Levi offered "Maybe one of them will spend time with you while I'm gone."

Chris laughed bitterly.
"What? Like that block of a man who ran off? Face it Levi, you're the only one here who can put up with me. Everyone else is too scared of my evil skeleton."
She grinned hugely, exposing a disorganized mess of shredded flesh and turquoise crystal.

Her teeth looked roughly human in shape, but they were all miss matched.
As if someone had pulled them out, shuffled them around, and then carelessly stuffed them back in without looking.
It probably wouldn't be so horrifying if her gums weren't also completely and utterly destroyed by her disturbing habit of rearranging her teeth.

Levi didn't know how she did it, all he knew was that she'd grind her jaw around until her teeth made a small shattering sound, and then they'd be shuffled and she would be spitting blood. 
Whatever she did, it destroyed her gums, and since she did it so frequently they never really had a chance to heal.
Lucky for her, she didn't actually need her gums to support her turquoise teeth.
Instead they'd just sort of floated there, connected to their spots by the same unseen yet intensely strong force which held all of her slightly transparent bones together.

Chris laughed, and as she did the harsh sound slowly turned into a manic frenzied cry.
"Or maybe they just don't care as much as you. Maybe they just don't like me because I yell at them!"
With each passing word she grew more and more agitated.
"But it's not my fault! I can't think straight, I'm tired, and I, can't, sleep, anymore, DAMIT!"

"Chris… You're lapsing." Levi cautioned, but she simply ignored him.
It was as if she had forgotten that she wasn't just screaming at the walls again.

"The only time I ever get any rest is when I'm DEAD! But of course you won't let that happen again! Because when you get down to it, you're all just a bunch of cruel, sadistic, cowards who couldn't possibly handle AN ANGRY PILE OF ROCKS!"

Chris snapped her head back around and gave Levi a hopeful look full of wild desperation and wide eyed madness.
She gestured at his MPF, which was neatly strapped in it's holster.
"You could help me you know. For real this time. All you'd have to do is put a bullet in my head and put me to sleep. Sure, my bones will try to kill you until I'm alive again, but have you seen these walls? There's no way it's going to be strong enough to break through them with only one fatal injury! You'll be fine. You can even tell the white coats that it was self defense if you want. Come on, what do you say?"

Levi placed his hand and the glass and hung his head.
He held himself there a few more minutes, and as he did Chris desperately tried to egg him on while slowly becoming more and more incensed at his none responsiveness.
She was slipping, he knew, slowly losing control over her emotions again.
Soon she'd be nearly impossible to deal with peacefully.
She was already struggling to not start hitting things again.

Finally, Levi sighed and spoke gently.
"Maybe I did fail you…"

Then he opened the door and stepped into the conjoining chamber.
The low security cells had a very similar entry chamber system to the high security cells.
Only, they had to be much bulkier in comparison as the engineers couldn't use mana glass for the doors, and that trick with pushing the door backwards to empty the chamber was a much more difficult feat to accomplish without an indestructible substance to work with.

In addition to the extra bulk, the chamber also had to sacrifice the windows in exchange for solid steel walls.
So Levi couldn't see Chris's stunned face until he opened the second door.

"You… You're really going to shoot me?" There was no fear in her voice, just surprise, and maybe a hint of guilt. 
Nevertheless, she steeled her resolve and nodded briskly. 
"Run as soon as you pull the trigger. I can't control it when I'm dead, but it's pretty stupid, and it usually takes it a moment to realise that I'm gone. So you should have a few seconds to get back behind the door and hide before it sees you."

Levi sighed as he pulled his MPF from its holster.

Chris looked relieved to see the weapon, calm even.
She spread out her arms as if to welcome the bullet.
"Thank you for doing this for me."
She said quietly.

Levi took his aim, being very careful not to get within lunging distance of the girl.
"I'm sorry about this Chris."
Before she had a chance to react, he pulled back a lever like part on his 
MPF, changing its shape slightly.

Then he pulled the trigger, and there was an explosion of sound.

Chris recoiled in pain as something small and metallic was shot into her chest.
But when she looked down she was surprised to see that, whatever she was shot with, hadn't even pierced her orange jumpsuit.
The young woman's face twisted from a look of surprise to pure fury as she realised what he had done.

Say what you want about Redgate or the DUD in general, but you had to admit that they spared no expense when it came to outfitting their personnel.
Not just in raw power, but also in flexibility.
And there was no better example of that then the weapons they carried.
The MPF, also known as the Multi Purpose Firearm, could shoot dozens of armor piercing rounds per second.

But of course, as the name would imply, that was not the only function which the weapon could perform.
With a shift of a lever like control system, one could cycle the weapon through a variety of different types of ammo, each one different and unique in purpose and function.
The fact that the engineers could fit it all onto a weapon compact enough to be held in one hand without sacrificing clip size was nothing short of a miracle.
One which was probably only possible through the use of some kind of barely understood magic.

It was an amazing piece of equipment, though it wasn't without its limits.
For one thing, the weapon could not hold every available type of ammo at once.
So you had to pick and choose what secondary fire modes you wanted beforehand.
Unless the white coats or black suits assigned you a loadout that was. 

Levi's own personal ammo choices tended to be the standard high impact armor piercing rounds, those little smoke screen pellets, some fast acting sedative darts, and…

Chris clutched at her chest as the stun dart attached itself to her shirt and flickered to life with a rapid "clickclickclickclick."
She tried to swear at him as her body convulsed on the floor.
A tiny circular teaser no bigger than a stack of a dozen quarters, was the source of the controlled but rapid bursts of electricity that were seizing up her muscles.

"I'm sorry." Levi said again as he quickly changed his ammo type "But I can't just kill you. I know it helps for the first little bit after you regenerate, but I've seen what it does to you in the long term. Once the calm wears off you'd end up worse than you started."

Not wasting any time Levi casually shot her again, this time in the leg with the tranquilizer dart.
The drug was fast acting sure, but it did take a few seconds to effect, which is why he almost always opened with the stun dart first.

Chris' broken knuckle bones twisted and cranked, seemingly undoing the repairs that they had made earlier.
In fact they were worse than they were before, as her powers grew in response to the pain.
Actually, no, not a response to pain.
A response to being harmed.

Bloody semi transparent spikes sprouted painfully out of the girls mangled knuckles like knives.
It was dangerous to do anything that hurt her, as her power responded to external threats about a hundred times stronger than it did to self harm. 

But, she need only be in pain for a few seconds.
Just long enough for the sedative to take effect.

Levi watched from a safe distance, his MPF ready to shoot her again if need be.
Not with real bullets of course, that would be a monumentally stupid idea that could only ever make the situation worse for him.
Instead he waited with pity on his face as he watched her gradually slow down.

"Sleep." Levi requested gently "I know it's not the same for you… But you have to sleep… Even if you find no rest in it."

Chris tried to fight it, she tried to rage, but the drugs were already doing their job.
Her screams were slowly reduced to quiet muttering as her rough cloudy eyes rolled back in their sockets.

Levi breathed a sigh of relief, but even now he did not dare approach Chris's unconscious form.

Instead he started going around the room and inspecting the air vents near the ceiling.
"How did you even reach that high up?" He wondered as he barely touched the bottom of one vent while standing on the tips of his toes.

It didn't matter.
He had already done his job by subduing her.
Now it was some poor yellow hat's responsibility to clean out the vents and get the failsafes functioning again before she regains consciousness. 

Levi was glad that he wouldn't be around to see the aftermath of this, for all that he felt guilty for leaving her. 
He resolved to sit down and write her a proper goodbye as he waited for the hat to arrive.

It didn't take long.
The yellow hats were a lot like blue vests in many ways.
Sure their uniforms were different, but they still had to put their lives on the line for the sake of the project.
They even wore the same vests and MPFs when they had to put themselves into harm's way.  
Really the only differences were that they had the tools and knowhow needed to fix things when they broke, they didn't go in until after the situation was bedeviled to be under control, and of course they also wore those bright yellow hard hats. 

"Hey Levi." The bearded man said in a hushed voice as he entered the room, and cautiously edged his way around Chris.

"Hey Benjamin!" Levi called out with a grin. "You're back from topside?"

Benjamin nodded, as he opened his tool case and got to work.
"Yeah, I'm fresh out of quarantine. Still playing catch up on what's happened since I left. Anybody died, do you know?"
His quiet voice was hopeful for a no, but expectant of a yes.

Levi caught him looking at Chris.
He deliberately spoke a little louder than normal as he kept his MPF aim steady.
"Don't worry about her. I've got it under control. And yeah. We lost Gove about a week ago to Eddy."

Benjamin looked equal parts worried and confused.
"We lost who to who?"

"Gove, a blue vest, I didn't know his first name. He was an old army veteran I'm pretty sure, though he was pretty fresh when it came to the weird stuff I think." Levi explained sourly.

Benjamin let out an unapologetic sigh of relief.
"So no one I knew then? That's good. For me at least, it sucks for the guy that got… uh…"
He paused "Which jumper was Eddy again? Or wait, is that a new one? Is it wind, er, water based?"

Levi shook his head "No that's just the kids name. His real name. Eddy Choffski. I was assigned to 'handle' the kid, so I got to spend some time with him before they screwed up his brain. Now all of sudden I'm supposed to call him Marrow Bane? It just doesn't feel right to me, like they want me to forget who he was."

Benjamin still looked blank so Levi tried to explain "Marrow Bane. You know? Spooked face, black boney tentacles, can control bones... likes to collect eyes?"

Benjamin shook his head as he got on a stool and unscrewed a vent hatch with an odd looking power tool.
"Can't say I'm too familiar with that one. It sounds somewhat familiar, but then again, a lot of them have overlapping themes. Even if no two are ever exactly the same. And I'm also a hat, so I don't have to deal with them as regularly as you. Hrm… Is he high security per chance? Controlling bones sounds like a high security power. Unless there's some zany drawback or limitation?"

Levi nodded his head. "Yeah, he's high security alright. I mean, he might have a limitation, but the initial testing was inconclusive. And the coats don't really want to risk more deaths on him."

"I see." Benjamin muttered as he screwed the newly cleaned vent hatch back on with a few minor alterations "We hats don't usually see much of the high security jumpers. That glass is an engineer's wet dream, so we rarely have to touch it after it's set up. And even then it's always up there, or down below."
So saying he pointed up and then down, to indicate the crawl spaces between floors, which Levi knew were big enough for people to stand up in comfortably.
Did that still make them crawl spaces?
It didn't matter.

The two of them chatted for a while until the job was done.
Levi still felt bad about teasering Chris, but she had to be subdued somehow, and he wasn't about to shoot her with real bullets.
He tried to reach out to these people, to help them as much as he possibly could.
But he was also no fool.
He understood that not all of them could be reasoned with or trusted.
A lot of them, Chris included, would definitely attack him if given the opportunity.
Though to be fair, Chris would probably hesitate first.

Levi looked back at Chris' unconscious body as he and Benjamin finished exiting the cell. 
After a moment he sighed.
"I wish you were well enough for me to give you a proper goodbye."

He'd have to write her a letter while waiting around in quarantine. 
Assuming it didn't get delayed again.
Levi checked his watch as he checked into the mess hall.
He still had about forty minutes until his rescheduled check up, so he decided to quickly grab something to eat and a cup of coffee in the meantime. 
As he walked into the large, conversation filled room he was greeted warmly by the other vests, who seemed to be in unusually good spirits for some reason.

“There ya are Levi.” Ben beamed “I saw ya earlier this mornin' but ya hurried off before we could really say hi proper.”
Then he frowned slightly and checked his own watch "Wait... Weren't ya leavin' today? Why aren't ya with medical right now?"

Levi picked up a white mug and filled it at a rather expressive looking coffee machine as he explained.
"It got delayed because I had to help Gerald calm Chris Brine down before she killed herself."

Ben gave him a confused look and opened his mouth, but Levi quickly answered the question before he could ask.
“Chris Brine is Deathrattle. You know. The blond girl with the evil skeleton.”

“Oh yeah, her.” Ben nodded with a shudder “She creeps me out. But even if she wasn't scary I'd still avoid her if I could. Because she is also just plain mean. Honestly, I don't see what you see in her.”

“He’s right you know.” Lance piped in as he passed by with a lone muffin on a dinner tray. “That girl is a lost cause.”

“Actually I think she is improving.” Levi called back, but Lance was already walking away so he turned and made his case to Ben instead.
“I mean, she’s not stable by any means, and she probably never will be. But she has been calming down much faster than she used to, and I’ve been able to talk with her for longer stretches of time before she loses it.”

“Maybe.” Ben shrugged nonchalantly “Just don't trust her not to stab ya in the back, and keep your distance. It's not your job to fix these people after all, so don't go puttin' yourself at extra risk just for her sake."

Levi nodded briskly. "No, of course not... But at the same time I can't just stand by and watch them suffer can I? If it's just time and effort that I'm spending then isn't that worth it?"

Ben sighed "I suppose so… But what if ya can't help them? Ain't ya just throwin' your life away for nothin'?"

"Maybe…" Levi had to admit "But I have to try. Even if there is just a chance."

Ben just shrugged and popped a cracker into his mouth, what else was he supposed to say to that? 

Levi likewise took a deep swig from his coffee mug as the two of them sat together. 
Despite all of its faults, there were some good things about working for Redgate.
Not least of them was the fact that their coffee was amazing.
Just one of the many perks for being complacent in the torturer of innocent people.

"I don't start these fires, I just help put them out…" he muttered gently to himself.

Ben politely pretended not to notice as he munched on a sandwich.

"Hey Ben…" Levi eventually asked after finishing his coffee "Would you visit Chris while I'm gone? At least once every other day, or every day if you can handle it. She needs someone to talk with. Someone who can wait out her anger."

Ben looked up in alarm "Me? Why me? Can't ya ask someone more experienced? What about Lance? I'm sure he'd do it if you asked him."

Levi looked back at Lance who was trying to decide which type of soup he was going to pick.
Then he shook his head "I don't think that would be a good idea. Lance can be a bit… cold. At least when it comes to the jumpers."
Quickly before Ben could get the wrong idea he held out his hand and clarified "Don't get me wrong, he's no Fredrick Notchworth or anything. He doesn't hate them, or even dislike them I  don't think. He just doesn't trust them, and he keeps his distance. That's all."

"Yeah, but… Isn't that a good thing?" Ben asked with one bushy red eyebrow raised "Can't trust that they'll act rationally or in their own best interest. Ya told me that when I was first dumped into all this madness. Remember?"

Levi pointed a finger "No, I said that couldn't always trust that they'll act rationally. But sometimes you can."
He paused "Granted, Chris isn't exactly one of the rational ones. But it's not like I'm asking you to go into her cell. I just want you to visit her and talk to her through the glass. Please?" 

Ben hesitated but eventually he slowly forced a nod.
"I suppose, if I can't find someone else to do it then…"
He let out a defeated sigh "Then I guess I'll do it."

Levi grinned and clasped a hand over the young man's forearm.
"Thank you."

With that he drained the last of his coffee and set his mug down to the side.
To be dealt with later by the world's most overqualified dish washers.
Then he took a big bite into the as of yet untouched breakfast wrap that he snagged from the bar before sitting down.
Just like the coffee the egg and bacon filled wrap was sinfully good, which just made him feel guilty for enjoying it so much.
They really didn't spare any expense with this place did they?

No offense to miss Thao, but the chefs in the staff kitchens made way better food than the specialty kitchens.
Though to be fair, they had an enormous advantage in that they only had to make a handful of normal dishes which regular humans would like.

The specialty kitchens by contrast had to make hundreds of completely different meals.
Some of which demanded exotic, unorthodox, ridicules, or even flat out hazardous ingredients.
Honestly, given what they had to work with, they were probably the better chefs all things considered.

Satisfied that Chris would be taken care of Levi finally took a moment to survey the room.
And as he did, something slightly odd jumped out at him. 
It… Certainly seemed as if there were more vests on break than usual.

That could happen sometimes when the project acquired a wave of new recruits in bulk, but Levi didn't count enough fresh faces for that. 
And indeed the mood and atmosphere of the place seemed to be noticeably brighter than it had any right to be. 
Even Lance was smiling slightly.

“Did I miss something?” Levi asked as he took note of the almost celebratory attitudes of the other blue vests.

Ben perked up a bit now that the conversation had drifted on to something less depressing than Chris.
“Didn't ya hear?” He said excitedly “There’s been a major delay with the construction of the new batch of medium security cells. Which means that the white coats can't move their current test subjects from the MTL for what could be a whole week!”

Levi considered the news “And if they can't move their current projects then…”
They both smiled “They can't start any new ones!”

Now that was very good news indeed!
Maybe not as much for the scientists, but for a guard like Ben, Lance, or Levi it was a godsend.
And not just from an altruistic perspective either.

One of the biggest killers of blue vests was the deadly threat of the unknown.
So they all felt somewhat relieved knowing that the only thing they would have to deal with for a while would be already named projects with at least partially understood powers.

"Isn't it great?" Ben asked excitedly "Things are finally goin' to get a little more quiet around here."

"Just don't make the mistake of thinking that safer is the same thing as safe." Levi cautioned.
"After all… I would hate for you to die on me while I'm gone."

"Don't worry, I'll be careful." Ben reassured him between bites of his sandwich "And besides, Lance will still be here to keep me outta trouble. At least until ya get back that is."

Levi nodded absently as he checked his watch.

Ben saw him do it and frowned thoughtfully.
After a moment he asked.
"Hey Levi? What day was it again?"

"Hm?" Levi blinked "Thursday."

Ben nodded "Just makin' sure. It can be hard to keep track of time down here. You're leaving today right?" 

Levi smiled, but sighed with exasperation.
"That's right, I'm actually heading out in about twenty minutes. Well. Assuming my appointment for leave prep isn't delayed again that is."
He couldn't wait, he was practically counting down the minutes, even though he knew that it would still be quite a while until he could actually go above ground.

Ben nodded to himself some more as he tossed a cracker into his mouth. 
He stopped to chew for a few seconds before asking "I take it you're goin' to be gone a bit longer than the usual fourteen days plus quarantine?"

"Oh definitely!" Levi beamed. "It seems someone in this place must have a heart, because they are giving me a whole four months to spend with my family."

Ben nearly choked on his sandwich. "Four months!? Man, that is generous."

Levi batted his hand dismissively, "Na not really. I've been skipping out on my leaves, and saving up all of my off time for this. So they kinda owe me."
He shrugged, "Besides, it saves them on quarantine time when you go on longer vacations. So I doubt they mind me doing it this way."

"Yeah that's true." Ben had to agree "It probably is a more efficient way to do it."
His face then turned sour and he shuddered "But I don't think I'd be able to do it though. This place gets to me as it is, so if I can't go topside often enough, then I'll go as mad as the people we guard. Sides, my cat would miss me."

"Yeah that's totally reasonable." Levi almost chuckled "Besides, you're still relatively new to this whole thing. And as much as I hate to admit it, it does get easier… eventually."
Then he cast his eyes down towards the table and sighed grimly. "Easier... But never easy."

After a moment Levi shook his head, and forced himself to focus on the bright side of things.
"Anyway. I'm going to go get something special from the cafeteria before they put me on bland quarantine food."
He flashed his friend a smile "Got any suggestions?"

Ben perked up a bit at that, and leaned in conspiratorially.
"I may know somethin' appropriately celebratory."
He grinned "How do ya feel about... Chocolate cake?"

=======================================================================

Levi was in good spirits as he waited in the Redgate medical ward.
It had actually been a rather good day today, all things considered.
The next batch of new projects was getting delayed, no one had gotten injured or killed all week, and once he was done with the standard three day quarantine, he would be able to check out of this hellhole to spend some time on paternity leave with his wife.

It had been months since he heard the news but he was still so excited by the thought of it.
He was going to be a father!
In all honesty it was actually a bit terrifying, but he desperately wanted to take on the responsibility and become the best dad he could possibly be!

Yes, now that all of the minor delays were out of the way, he was certain. 
This was definitely going to be a great day!

…

Though... 
That didn't necessarily mean it was going to be an exciting day.

"How's it looking doc? Any demon shrimp hiding in my gut cavity?"
It was just a joke, a bit of morbid humor.
Though Levi wouldn't have been surprised if something like that had actually happened before.
After all, why else would they be so strict about requiring extensive medical checkups and monitored quarantine before letting people out into the wider world?

Dr. Trebusha shook his head as he printed out a stack of xray images.
"Not that I can see at first glance. But we'll have to wait until after I have done a more thorough review of the data before we can say anything for sure."
The man said dryly, without a hit of humor or sarcasm.

Levi had known him for five out of the six years that he had worked here, but he still had trouble telling if he was joking or not sometimes.
At least, not until he turned his head and gave him a knowing smile, or a wink, or both.
He opted for the smile this time around, and Levi chuckled with mild relief.

According to their unofficial naming scheme Dr. Trebusha was a teal scrub.
In reference to the blueish green scrub suit that all the medical staff wore.
The scrubs were already well liked, but Trebusha was especially adored among vests.
Probably because he had the safe and simple job of checking people in and out of the facility, which meant that almost no one died in his care.

That, and he was just a really cool guy in general.
"Well, that should be the last of the tests. Why don't you go pick one of the empty chambers to quarantine in, and I'll get started on interrupting this data." 

"Sure thing." Levi agreed with a nod as he sat up and walked into a hallway full of doors that looked suspiciously like one of the jumper cell blocks.
Only the windows had blinds on them so that the occupants could have some privacy if they wanted.

The first three doors that he passed by had the little red "occupied" warnings on them, but the fourth one was free so he took it.
It didn't really matter which one he took because all of the rooms were pretty much the same anyway. 

Levi looked around the small plain concrete room that would be his home for the next three days, and his smile faded a fraction. 
It looked like a prison cell that had been fashioned to be in the style of an office waiting room.

After a second Levi sighed.
Quarantine wasn't the worst of the trials that Redgate personnel faced, but it was definitely one of the most tedious.
He was just glad that he only had to deal with it in three day stretches.
The jumpers lived in similar or worse conditions for… well… for the rest of their lives.

Levi slouched onto the couch and began playing some mindless videogame to pass the time.
The waiting room had a TV, as well as an extensive collection of movies and games.
But no internet connection.
It wasn't because they were underground, it was because the black suits refused to let anything down here have any kind of a connection to the outside world.
Sometimes he wondered who they were trying to protect with that rule.
Themselves or the outside world?

Almost three hours had passed by, and Levi was only starting to get a little board.
This wasn't his first quarantine after all, so he was prepared for a long, long wai-

Levi nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard the sudden rattling at the door.
It took him a moment to realize what the sound was.
Someone on the outside was unlocking the door.

"Oh come on! What is it now?" Levi groaned loudly.
Whoever it was they were breaking quarantine.
He was going to have to go through the whole procedure from the beginning!

Dr. Trebusha walked slowly into the chamber with his head hung low.
Levi was about to complain to him about all of the setbacks and interruptions.
But then he saw the look on his face and he froze. 
He looked surprised, regretful, and maybe a bit traumatized all of a sudden.

“You okay doctor?” Levi asked politely. 
He dearly hoped that the man’s morous grimace did not mean that he had bad news to share.

“Levi...” Trebusha said slowly “We need to talk.”

Levi sighed as he sat up from his chair.
The coats and suits often made Trebusha deliver bad news, because they knew people liked him.
It was a bit unfair really, and judging by the uncomfortable look on his face, it was probably going to be particularly bad this time.

“Really? What about?”
Levi asked as he braced himself for the worst.

The balding doctor fidgeted nervously with his clipboard.
“It’s about your preliminaries.”

That made Levi freeze.

He was half expecting him to say that he would not be getting paternity leave after all.
But he hadn't even considered that whatever bad news might actually involve the veritable gauntlet of medical tests that they made him go through every time he wanted to leave or enter the facility.

Did he make a mistake?
Was it just that he would have to redo the preliminary tests again?
Surly not. 
His expression was too severe to be due to just a few hours of lost work.
If he had already gone through the full three day quorinteen, then maybe.
But it had only been a few hours.

So why...

Why was he looking at him like an unstable tower of cards that might fall over at any moment?

“What about them?” 
Levi broke out into a cold sweat as he gave the doctor a suspicious side eyed look “What's going on?”

“Well we will have to run the tests again, just to be sure, but-” Trebusha shifted nervously then sighed.
He sounded so defeated, and… sad.

“You’re dying Levi.”

=======================================================================

The weathered asphalt road groaned beneath the tires of Levi’s car, as he slowly and methodically parked in front of the unkempt hedges that partially shielded his home from view.

Levi stepped out of his car and immediately inhaled as deep a breath of fresh air as his lungs would allow.
He was not claustrophobic by any stretch, but working in a secret underground complex for weeks at a time tended to make people more appreciative of the great outdoors.

The distance from the sidewalk to the door of his house could have easily been crossed in three or four strides, as its sorry excuse for a yard was unspeakably small.
Yet it still took Levi a few minutes of hesitation and back pacing to cross it, and even then, he couldn't bring himself to actually go inside. 

He stood there for what felt like an eternity, painfully clutching his keys in one hand, and contemplatively caressing the doorbell button with the other.

Levi didn't know how he was going to face her… how he was going to tell her.
He kept trying to think of the words that he needed to best explain the situation.
But truth be told, he hadn’t even fully accepted it himself.

Levi looked at how much the bushes had grown since he last visited, and wondered who was going to trim them after he was gone.

He had never really thought about it before, but there was actually a great deal of beauty in the young green shoots of new growth, contrasted against the darker greens and browns of more mature branches.
It actually made him a bit sad, knowing that he had destroyed similar displays of life's underappreciated majesty so many times before.
For no other reason than to keep his yard looking neat and controlled.

Levi clenched his keys even harder.

He wished it wasn’t so nice out today.
He wished it was dark and stormy, cold and wet, glum and overcast.
Something that could remind him that the world wasn't always sunshine and rainbows.
Anything that could at least let him pretend that life was nothing but pain and misery.
Perhaps then he might not feel as bad about losing his own.

Levi decided not to ring the doorbell, as he really was in no mood to hear its cheerful chime.
And besides, he felt that if he didn't use his keys soon then he was likely to bruise their toothed pattern onto the palm of his hand.

The door opened with a rattle as Levi stepped into the house and hung up his cap.

The place smelled like home, a quiet and comforting scent that quickly faded from Levi’s perception.
He wished that the smell of his wife was more familiar to him, but the truth was that he spent more time in that underground death trap than with her.

Margaret poked her head out from around the corner.
At first her expression was that of suspicion, but it quickly changed to excitement once she realized that the person walking into her home unannounced was in fact her husband.

Margaret chirped with nearly contained excitement as she ran up to greet him.
Under less dire circumstances Levi probably would have teased her over how efeminat she just sounded.
In turn she would probably punch him on the shoulder and pretended to be more offended than she actually was, or perhaps she would just blame it on hormones.

He wished that the conversation they were about to have could be about something as pointless and casual as that.

Margaret didn't greet Levi with words.
Instead she lifted her heels off the ground to kiss him, and at the same time grabbed his hand and held it against her now noticeably bulging stomach. 

Levi kissed her back just as passionately if not more so. 

He couldn't believe the cruelty of fate.
Why did he have to die now, during eve of his golden years, when he had more to live for then ever before?

Margaret soon realized that something was wrong.
“What happened?” she asked with concern in her voice.

Levi averted his eyes, unable to speak.

Her eyes went wide. “There has been another incident. Hasn't there?”

Levi inhaled shakely and nodded.

Margaret bowed her head and closed her eyes, but her moment of grief quickly faded into conviction.
“You have got to stop working there.” she said pleadingly. 
“I don’t even care about the money anymore. If we need to we can move to the mainland.” she reasoned. “Heck if I have to then I can start working again.”

“Margaret I-” Levi began weakly only to get cut off.

“No.” Margaret integrated sharply “You always do this. You come home from work traumatized because one of your friends died in some kind top secret disaster that they won't even let you talk about, and when I ask you to find safer work you just get all cagey and dismissive… Why?”

Levi could understand her frustration. 
He absolutely hated that he couldn't be completely honest and open with her, but the suits had a near religious devotion to secrecy.
They were also known for their hostility towards employees trying to quit or retire.
The more you knew, the less likely they were to just let you leave.
And Levi, a long term employee of theirs, had a very bad habit of talking to people.

Margaret’s expression softened “All I’m saying is that secret military weapons testing, or whatever it is you do, is clearly too dangerous for an expecting father.”
She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and pressed her forehead to his.
“I need you. Your baby needs you.” she whispered softly.

Her words pierced his heart like a jagged knife, and his eyes began to flood with tears.
Levi felt like he was going to implode, and Margaret had to hold him to keep him from falling to his knees.

“Levi?” she asked, noticing his acute distress. “Levi what’s wrong?”

He tried to speak. 
He tried to tell her the awful truth, but his body was forcing his throat closed.
It was just as strong and as visceral a reaction as forcing it open, should he have been holding his breathing for too long. 
It was almost like he believed, deep down, that saying it out loud would somehow make it true.

“No.” she said quietly.
Her quivering hand slowly raised in front of her mouth as the horrible realization dawned on her. “No it can’t be…”

Levi embraced the love of his life, and the two of them slumped to the floor crying.


=======================================================================

Levi retrieved three out of the four bottles of alcohol that they kept in the back bottom corner of the fridge, and placed them on the table.
He was never much of a drinking man, but there were times in his life when he desperately needed something to help take the edge off.

The first time Levi tried alcohol was way back when he was still a dumb teenager.
It didn't take him long to realise that the habit wasn't for him, and he didn't touch the stuff until years later.
When he learned that magic was real, and that there were people out there who could end life as he knew it with nothing more than a few well placed thoughts.

Margaret starred wordlessly into the mug of mint tea that Levi had brewed her.
Half of her mahogany brown face was covered by her straight yet uncharacteristically disheveled black hair, which partially hid her worry and quiet tears.

Levi tore his eyes away from hers, and began mixing his selection of alcoholic beverages into his own mug of tea.

He hated to see her cry.

“Be honest with me.” she pleaded quietly, her almost black brown eyes still staring vaguely into her beverage “Did they do this to you?”

Her voice had a hint of doubt to it.
Levi had once admitted to her that he had seen a man cut clean in half from head to thigh.
So spinal cancer probably wasn't the kind of hazard that she would have expected from his work.
Still, she was right to be suspicious... more so than she knew.

“Maybe.” Levi admitted, although he knew that the suits would reprimand him if they ever found out.
He closed his eyes and sighed deeply, “But it could have also just been natural. In which case, the only reason we are not blissfully ignorant of the situation, is because I work in place that requires me to go through extensive health evaluations as a matter of routine.”

Margaret nodded silently in grim understanding, as she lifted her marble blue mug up to her lips.

Levi in turn drank deeply from his own concoction.
It had an unpleasant, yet acquired taste, and it burned his throat on the way down, more from the alcohol than from the actual heat of the tea.

There was a long drawn out silence as the two of them said nothing, which made Levi’s ears ring to the point of being slightly painful.

“Is there nothing that can be done?” Margaret asked eventually, although she already knew the answer.

Levi nodded once, more as a way to comfort himself than as a part of his answer. “Chemotherapy should slow its growth, but they're fairly certain it won't stop it.” 
His voice seemed roughly composed, but he couldn't hide the shakiness in his breath when it came time for him to inhale “And they can't cut it out without killing me.”

Margaret closed her eyes and nodded, her brow furrowing into a wrinkled mosaic of regret and empathetic pain. “How long do we have?”

Levi fought back tears as his voice started to choke up again “Maybe a year or so before I become completely paralyzed. A year after that and my heart and lungs will stop getting signals from my brain.”
Levi looked down at the remains of his drink, and realized that alcohol would probably kill him long before it made him feel any better.
“Of course, if we’re really lucky they could still keep me alive on life support for maybe even another year after that.” His speech was starting to develop the slightest hint of a drunken slur to it. “So about three years tops... Assuming you consider being a bedridden vegetable as- alive.”
 
Fresh tears began to well up in Margarets eyes again, and Levi felt a sobering flicker of heartbreak at the sight of her pain.

A horrid and unwanted little idea found its way into Levi’s head again.
He desperately wanted to dismiss it as the madness it was, but amongst all the pain, and fear, and desperation, and more than a little booze, he found it impossible not to entertain the tempting yet potentially disastrous thought.

“Unless.” he mused, supposedly to himself.

Apparently the drinks must have loosened his tongue and made his private thoughts a little less private than they should have been.
As Margaret had lifted her head near instantly in response to his quiet muttering.

“Do it.” she said simply, as she ran her fingers over her ear and brushed the hair away from her face.
Margaret’s dark eyes glinted with a desperate shred of hope, surfacing out of her despair like a raft too small to ride on, yet just large enough to keep her from sinking. “Whatever it is, do it.”

Levi tore his gaze from hers, unable to bear the guilt of inadvertently infecting his wife with insidiously false hope.
“It’s not that simple…” he said timidly.

Margaret stood up and gently placed her hand on his shoulder.
“Nothing ever is.” she agreed, her voice firm but understanding.

Levi took her hand from his shoulder and entwined her fingers with his. “You don’t understand…”

“Maybe.” she admitted coldly “But I think I get the basic idea.”
Margaret took a step back and studied her husband, looking closely for any subtle changes in his expressions or posture.

“Stop me if I'm wrong.” she began “Because it sounds to me like there is some kind of experimental tech, or medicine, or procedure, or something that could possibly save your life. But you’re too afraid to try it because it involves using whatever top secret research project the government has had you working on all this time.”

Margaret’s haughty tone was tempered somewhat as she took in a deep breath and shrugged “Perhaps you’re right to be afraid. After all, we could be talking about messing around with time travel, or extraterrestrial artifacts for all I know.”

Levi fought hard to keep his face from reacting in any way.
He knew that she was half joking, but even still, she was stumbling dangerously close to the truth, and they would know if she knew.
Somehow, they always knew.

And then, they would come for her.

Margaret squared her shoulders as her voice stiffend, and heat once more crept into her tone “But what I do know, is that if I were in your shoes... I would rather die trying for a miracle, than give up and slowly waste away in front of those I love.”

Levi tightly closed his swollen eyes, and wondered what her stance would be if she knew what kinds of nightmares could be waitting for him should things go wrong.
If he could tell her everything, would she still be on board with the idea of him infecting himself with strange matter?

“Even if I go through with it… Even if it somehow works…” Levi’s voice cracked under the weight of his own despair, and the room fell silent for a time. “It would be unlikely that we would ever get to see each other again.”

“But it would be possible?” she inquired, that dangerous shard of hope still burning in her eyes.

Levi thought it over “I suppose… But I would never be able to leave the island ever again, and probably would have to be under constant surveillance.”

“We’d manage.” Margaret affirmed without hesitation.

“Whoa now, that’s just the best possible scenario.” Levi insisted “It's far more likely that we would only be able communicate through letters, or through video chat. And that's assuming we could contact each other at all! The most likely outcome is that I'd… The most likely outcome is death.”

'Or something close to it…'

Margaret nodded grimly “Anything would be better than nothing.”

Levi considered that for a moment.

If he were to go through with it, and actually put that mad silver into his blood.
Then what were the odds that he would be able to at least let her know that he was alive? 
Levi didn't know the exact statistics, but just based on his own experience he would expect it to be something along the lines of one in forty. 

Excluding all of the numerous outcomes that were worse than death, a one in forty chance for captive survival didn't seem that bad.

Levi tried to consider the very real danger of him losing his mind and hurting, or even killing, someone. 
But the more he thought about it, the more he realized that the danger would still exist regardless of what he chose.

The strange matter tests would continue regardless of who they were performed on. 

In fact, if he didn't volunteer then the suits would undoubtedly force some other poor soul to fill the slot. 
Probably a prepubescent child, because they had slightly higher chances of retaining their sanity than adults.

It was at that moment that Levi accepted it as a possibility.
Because even if he were to face the worst of what strange matter had to offer, then at least he would be taking that horrible fate away from someone who deserved it less than him. 

“Alright…” Levi said, his tired voice barely audible “I'll do it.”

Margaret's eyes lit up at the same time as they filed with fresh tears. 
“Oh Vi...” she said softly before rushing him with a tight embrace. “It's going to be okay, I  promise!”

He knew it was a promise that she couldn't even hope to keep, but it was nice to hear all the same. 
And who knew... Maybe he would be okay. 
Maybe it was fate that he got mixed up in all this madness.
So that when the time came he would be able to escape this possibility natural, yet certainly untimely, death.

Levi smiled, a bittersweet expression “But I want to spend as much time with you as I can before I try anything crazy.” 

“I'd like that too…” Margaret chuckled “But the vacation is over the moment you start losing motor functions.”

“Agreed.” Levi nodded.

The two of them just hugged each other for a while.
And for the first time since he had received the news, Levi felt like there was hope.

=======================================================================

The sky was filled with a vibrant display of red and gold, as the bottom of the sun began to touch the horizon.
Mister and Misses Athan stood together on the roof of a public parking complex, leaning on each other just as much as the railing. 

The silhouettes of fancy hotels and excessively tall tech company buildings obscured a good chunk of the ocean view, their dark shapes framing the seen like an old movie in a theater.

Every shape and structure seemed to cast a shadow that was twice its height upon the city, so Levi felt strangely blessed to be standing in one of the ever dwindling spots on which the sun still shown.

“Put your glasses on, you'll miss it.” Margaret warned him, as if the sunset would be over in seconds. 

Levi groaned slightly as he held the unfamiliar lenses in front of his face, without actually putting them on. 
Then with a single shouldered shrug he tucked them back into his pocket and said dismissively “It’s just fine as is.”

She chuckled “You know… You could always try contacts if you're too vain for spectacles.“

“I just got done with chemo and now you want me to put little pieces of plastic directly onto my eyeballs?” he scoffed indignantly “No thank you.”
He tapped his shirt pocket “I'll just have to get used to these.”

“Well if it's any consolation I think they make you look rather sophisticated.” she reassured him with a pleased smile. 

He couldn't tell if she was being genuine or if she was subtly teasing him.
“They make me look like a nerd… Or at least they would if I still had hair.” Levi explained while pulling off his beeni to emphasise his point.

Margaret sighed wistfully “I do miss your curly black locks.“ 

Levi put his hat back on “Yeah... me too…”

The two of them fell silent for a while, as they leaned into each other and watched the sky change color.
It seemed a shame that Levi had missed so many of Ehva island’s beautiful sunsets, but that was just one of the many small drawbacks of his primarily subterrestrial occupation.

Levi sighed as he watched the traffic buzz across the streets below him.
Expensive luxury vehicles, mixed among old run down cars that would have been considered scrap back on mainland america.

From his perch he could almost see where the well maintained paved roads suddenly gave way to dirt and gravel.
It was quite striking how sharply the terrain transitioned from urban to rural, though it was hardly surprising.

After all, there was only one city on the entire island.
The rest of it was almost entirely avocado farmland.
Either that or it was just wild and untamed.
True, there were also a few people who still clung to their old traditions as coastal nomatic fishers.
But most of them had westernized to the point of being basically unofficial americans by this point.

Like many other islands Ehva was under the protection of the United States, though strangely enough it was still technically considered its own independent nation.
And so, through some twist of fate and politics, it had become the go to spot for several big name tech companies to hide certain offshore assets to avoid american tax laws.

A remote island in the middle of nowhere.
An irelivent nation that had slowly lost its culture, and let itself become almost completely dependent on supplies from the outside world to survive.
Paid for with the wealth brought in by unimaginably rich full time tourists.

And unbeknownst to all but a few, a place where unethical experiments could be covertly conducted on children.
That was the strange character of Ehva island.

Levi sighed regretfully, fished out a bag of ginger flavored gummies from his pocket, and tossed a few into his mouth.
They had a mild flavor, and they helped quite the intense nausea that still plagued him.

Since about his second round of treatment Levi found himself unable to stomach most foods.
As one of the countless side effects of chemotherapy was that it could irreparably damage taste buds.
Which in his experience seemed to make everything taste either really bland, or offensively gross.

“How are you feeling?” Margaret asked softly, a grim tone just bearly intruding on her words. 

“I feel terrible.” Levi said with a playful smile “Which is a welcome improvement.”
He held up his hairless arm and showed it to her against the last of the fading orange light.
“My skin is even getting some of its color back. Which is a good sign. For a while there I looked completely white, instead of only being three quarters.”

Margaret tilted her head as she mentally considered the math on that.
“I thought you were half Jewish?” she asked with a frown. 

Levi shrugged “I am... On my mother's side.”
He paused “But I don't see what that has to do with anything.”

Margaret seemed to shrink a little “Oh nothing… I just always thought that Jews were their own thing is all.” 
 
Levi shrugged dismissively “Well yeah, but we're still white.”

“Fair enough.” Margaret conceded. 

“Looks like the show is over.” Levi noted with a flick of his head towards the dark blue horizon.  
He yawned, and began slowly shuffling back to where they had parked the car.

Halfway to the ramp he paused, then turned around to see that Margaret hadn’t followed him.
Already out of breath he stopped and placed his hands on his hips “Are you coming?” he asked with one hairless eyebrow raised. 

Dead silence filled the air, making it so heavy that you could feel it clinging to your skin.

“You're limping...” she said finally, her quiet words grim and cold.

“It’s not…” Levi stopped himself.
Years of working for Redgate had made him rather adept at protecting his wife from the truth, but that didn't mean she wouldn't know if he tried to lie to her. 

Honestly there wasn't really a reason to hide it from her anyway. 

“At first it was just general stiffness.” he admitted solemnly “but now I…”
Levi gritted his teeth and fought back frustrated tears “...I can't feel the toes on my right foot anymore.”

Margaret walked up to Levi and patiently placed her hand on his shoulder “Then you know what you have to do.”

Levi backed away slowly as if Margaret had just declared something dangerously insane.
Then he shook his head and said “no… No! We were supposed to have almost a year!” 

Margaret raised her voice and scoffed “Yeah. Only with the help of chemo. But the chemo didn't do a blasted thing! If anything it made things WORSE!”

Levi’s gaze started darting all around him, as if looking for some way to escape.
“I know, I know!" he insisted “But I still have some time left… I have to.”
He froze as his wide eyes turned to his wife again “At least enough for me to meet my child, I have to have that at least!”

Margaret placed her arms over her womb contemplatively before looking back at him and admitting in a heartbroken tone “I don't think you do.”

Levi was becoming more and more panicked now.
“No I… You can't know tha… N-No!” He stammered.

“You're right, I can't know anything for sure.” Margaret allowed. 
“But I've got this horrible gut feeling that if you wait until they're born…” Her voice was anguished, stripped raw by the power of her conviction. “Then it will be too late for you to be a part of anything else.”

Tears began to blur Levi’s already distorted vision, as he fiercely pulled his pregnant wife into as tight an embrace as he dared.
“I don't want to die!” he openly wept, as all the fear and anxiety from the past few months came bubbling up to the surface.

Margaret said nothing, as there were no words that could comfort him. 
All she could do was hold him tight, and provide him with a shoulder to cry on...

Neither of them were able to sleep that night.
Then, as the sun rose the following day, Levi said his goodbyes, put the last of his affairs in order, and made the call. 

=======================================================================
Levi sat on a soft couch in the medical ward with crutches by his side.
In the background a pair of scrubs were arguing with a group of white coats as they went over his medical records.
He was nearly listening to them, but something in his hand distracted him.

It was a tiny glass bottle, designed not to hold its full capacity in liquid.
But instead to hold a single drop in such a way that it could not get lost too easily.
Still… It wouldn't take much to lose the little container.
It was after all, only about as large as a travel drive. 

Levi tilted it from side to side, and watched it's contents roll about inside the tiny inner jar.
A single bead of silvery liquid metal that seemed to quiver and dance about the walls of its plastic container, like a drop of cold water that had been flicked onto a hot pan.
He was familiar with the substance, though he had never seen it in its raw form before.

It was the great prize of redgate, the mysterious substance which both fueled and justified all of its atrocities.
An entirely illogical substance that was, for the most part, chemically identical to simple mercury.
The dreaming blood, the mad silver, the unreal element.

Strange matter.

That was what they called it anyway.
Levi was vaguely aware of strange matter existing as some kind of a theoretical physics concept or what have you.
But he was fairly certain this stuff wasn't that.
It was just mercury that didn't make sense, and didn't obey the laws of… well… anything.

"Why do I have this again?" Levi half asked, half complained "Shouldn't they be doing they're thing, and trying to get this stuff to bind with a sample of my blood?" 

Lance Zakata just shrugged.
"They're trying something new… Familiarity theory they call it. They think that maybe you spending time in close proximity to the mad silver before starting the dilution process will help skew the results in some way."

"Hu…" Levi looked at the tiny bottle again, then back at Lance "How's that supposed to work? I mean. I'm not even touching it."

Lance just shrugged.
"It's magic Levi. If it made sense it would be science."

Levi tilted his head. 
"Fair enough. But if that's the case then why do we have so many scientists running around doing experiments on this stuff?"

The taller man sighed.
"Because they want to make it into a science. They think that all they need is some big breakthrough and they'll finally start to understand the stuff. But the truth is… There is no rhyme or reason to it. And there never will be. It's just a shame that they'll never accept that."

"You seem pretty sure." Levi noted with one hairless eyebrow raised. 

Lance nodded seriously.
"I've been in this game for almost fifteen years Levi. And let me tell you, I've seen some stuff. There are just some things in this world which don't play by the rules. Or if they do, then they don't play by the same ones we do."

Lance shuddered, and for a brief moment Levi caught a rare glimpse of genuine trauma leek past his ironclad mask of cold hard professionalism.
"Things aren't so bad here. After all, Redgate is just a side project. But I used to work at the HQ, and let me tell you… In that madhouse, you either accept the fact that not everything has to make sense, or you go insane. Believe me... You've only met the badges once, right? Well they're a perfect example of what I'm talking about. You would have to be a fool to think that they're playing the same game as the rest of us."

"How so?" Levi asked with genuine interest.
The infamous Alpha Team, or 'gold badges' as the vests called them, were something of a legend among DUD personnel.
Officially speaking they were vests themselves, and they played a similar role by acting as the enforcers, guards, soldiers, and errand runners of the agency.

But unofficially they were so much more than that.
Depending on who you asked, they were either cursed doombringers destined to bring misfortune to anyone foolish enough to get involved with them, or they were the closest thing there was to real life superheroes!

One thing was for certain though.
Whenever there was a crisis which threatened to tear the world asunder, then at least one of them was bound to be in the thick of it.
That was… Until it was time to pick up the pieces, and deal with the aftermath. 

Lance gave Levi a sidelines glance.
"Have you ever heard of the Kenji Effect?" 

He shrugged as he watched the back of one of the scientists' signature white coats through the half open doorway.
They were still vigorously discussing their plans and theories, though it seemed as if their argument had finally subsided.
"Hm… Sounds familiar. I may have heard you mention it before."

Lance nodded.
"The short of it is that one of DUD's original founders, Kenji something or another, noticed that there were some people who seemed to defy probability just a little bit more than they realistically should. So he observed them closely, crunched the numbers, and found that it was nearly impossible for it to just be coincidence or the work of blind luck. And more than that, he defined a pattern which has continued to hold predictive power for decades after he first proposed his theory."

Levi looked at Lance flatly. 
"Is this another one of your weird superstitious survival things?"

He shook his head sternly.
"No. This is an official scientific phenomenon. Go ask a coat if you don't believe me. There are some people out there who the world just treats differently. The primary defining aspect of the Kenji effect is that the subjects of it tend to get into and out of dangerous circumstances at increased rates. But there are a bunch of secondary aspects to it as well. Unusual eyes, names with hidden meanings or wordplay, a tenancy for other people to either trust them implicitly or treat them with extreme and unjust suspicion, coincidences of all kinds surrounding them at unusually high rates..."

Levi frowned and looked at the strange bottle he was rolling between three fingers.
"Where are you going with this?"

Landed sighed.
"My point is that the Kenji effect is real and the badges have it bad. Worse than anyone else in the world. Especially… him…"

Levi had to put the bottle down and look at his friend.
Lance generally wasn't the talkative sort unless he was giving instructions, or passing on nonsensical survival tips.
But even still, he was not the sort of person to hold back if he actually had something to say.

Which is why Levi felt so uncomfortable seeing that rare look in his eye.
The look of someone trying to decide whether or not to ask something.
That calculating gaze of someone trying to gauge what the reaction would be before actually saying what's on their mind.

"Who? What are you talking about?" Levi tried to laugh it off, but he was getting increasingly nervous.
Lance had always been a rather uptight individual, but his discomfort usually took the form of level headed diligence.
This, however, was different.
This was the first time that Levi had ever seen Lance squirm and it was starting to freak him out, just a little bit.

At last he seemed to come to a silent decision in his head, and sighed.
"You know what? Nevermind... It's not important."

The two of them fell silent for a little while after that, but strangely enough it was Lance who spoke up first.
"How crazy would it be if familiarity theory actually ends up working?"
He asked in that same casual, impassive, only slight put on voice that he always used.

It clearly wasn't the question that he wanted to ask, but Lance was by and large a rather reserved person, so Levi decided not to push things.
"Now wouldn't that be nice. Funny too. Could you imagine how frustrating it would be to dedicate  your whole life to trying to understand or influence the outcomes of strange matter infection, only for the answer to be, letting your victim hold it for a little while first? It would be ridiculous."

Levi paused.
"Though… given how desperate they are for some kind of a lead, I'm actually surprised they haven't tried it until now… Sure it's completely stupid nonsense that clearly won't work, but that didn't stop them from trying to sync up infection times with star alignments. Do you remember their star signs phase from a few years back? That was so weird."

Lance nodded his head, but seriously.
"Yeah, I remember. Though it wasn't as much of a stretch as you might think. After all, it wouldn't be the first instance of magic being affected by the heavens. As for their latest idea. I'm pretty sure the reason why they're doing this with you is because they actually trust you not to try breaking the bottle or running off with it. You are a volunteer Levi. Of course they're going to try something that requires a little bit more cooperation than normal."

"Cooperation?" 
Levi blinked as he sat up a little and looked back at the tiny little drop of liquid metal. 
Then his brow furrowed and he looked back at Lance with concern.
"I thought I was just supposed to hold it. How is that more any more cooperative than... Was I supposed to be doing something this whole time?"

Lance scratched at the back of his head but he didn't seem too concerned.
"Right, sorry. I'm distracting you." With that he coughed politely, straightened his back, and adopted his professional, straight faced, no nonsense look which he was known for. 
"Your job is to focus all of your thoughts and feelings onto the strange matter. To think about what you would want from it, and why. Try to be as specific as possible, while still being whimsical and authentic."

For just a moment his dry lecturing tone slipped and he gave him just the slightest hint of a smile. "Basically. If you could have any superpower. What would it-"

"Power negation."
Levi didn't even need a second to think it over.
"If I could have any superpower then I'd want to be able to take away other people's superpowers, and undo any damage done to them. I'd want to be able to reverse this whole process, and give people their old selves back."

Lance gave him a soft look, before straightening his back and looking stiffly ahead like a proper soldier. "You've thought about this before?"

That prompted a snicker from Levi.
"Hasn't everyone?"

Lance bit back a sad nostalgic smile.
"Not since I was a little kid... Back in those days I always wanted to be a hero. It's why I joined the army." The man shifted uncomfortably as his neutral expression started fighting against a frown instead of a smile. "It was only after I was in too deep, that I realized what that truly meant. And then the world stopped making sense. And I met someone who already was what I had aspired to be… I... I Didn't want to be a hero anymore after seeing that."

Levi frowned as his friend.
He had known Lance since he first started working here.
Which is why he could say with a fair bit of certainty that the man had some kind of PTSD.
Something which went beyond the general anxiety which plagued anyone who knew the true unstable nature of reality.

But whatever it was he kept it buried.
And Levi had no idea how to dig it up without hurting him. 
After all, despite his best efforts to help, he was no psychiatrist.
He couldn't actually fix anyone.
All he could do was be there for people. 
And soon… He might not even be able to do that. 

Levi tried to wiggle his toes experimentally.
But they didn't move. 
Or if they did then he couldn't feel them. 
His paralysis was getting worse.
Soon he'd have to start using crutches.

Levi sighed, and looked at the little tiny bit of mercury he had been given.
It was stupid to think that simply thinking would make it behave differently.
Because for all of the harm and suffering that strange matter had caused, it wasn't evil.
Though it wasn't good either.

It couldn't be blamed for the horrors that it had brought, just as a knife could not be blamed for the actions of a murderer.
And sometimes… Sometimes things really did turn out okay.
It was hard not to lose sight of that, but the wonders of strange matter were not only reserved for nightmares.
He had seen it restore limbs, mend old scares, and heal impossible wounds
He had witnessed it give people extraordinary gifts.

Levi preyed that he would be one of those people.

Or at the very least he wanted to be one of the lucky people who didn't get anything.
Well… To be fair, strange matter almost never did nothing.
But sometimes the powers it gave were so ludicrously specific as to be functionally non-existent.
Like the woman who could drain the color out of peach pits, or the man who made people sneeze whenever he touched an uncut lapis gem. 

But that was not what Levi was thinking when he stared at the mad silver in his hands.
Perhaps it would have been more sensible to hope for a nothing power, but he didn't really believe that it would actually do anything either way. 
So why not dream big?

”If I could have one superpower…"
There was no question about it.
If he could have just one superpower, then he wanted the ability to give normalcy back to these people.
That way DUD would have nothing stopping them from just wiping their minds and letting them go.

But if he could have a second power…
The ability to heal people would be amazing as well.

And it wasn't like having two powers was out of the question.
Many of the jumpers had more than one supernatural ability.
Though admittedly, the more powers they had the greater the trend towards mental corruption. Especially if the powers were unrelated to each other.

But this was all just wishful thinking right?
Why shouldn't he reach for the absolute best, most outlandish, and least likely outcome?
It was kind of fun to dream about winning the lottery, just so long as you didn't think about how terrible the odds were.
Besides, he had already spun the wheel of fate. 
So there really was no point in hoping for anything less than the jackpot until after it stopped spinning.

"So how long do I need to do this for?"
Levi asked after a while. 

Lance opened his mouth to answer but someone else beat him to it.
"Seventy cumulative hours of deeply focused thought. Preferably recorded under an MRI."
An older man in a white lab coat walked up to them with a clipboard in his hands and a tired look in his eyes.

Levi sat up in alarm before he remembered that he couldn't feel his feet so he fell back down.
"Seventy!?" He asked with urgent frustration "Even if I spent every waking hour of the day brooding over this... thing. It would still take me at least a week to clock those hours in."

The man just raised one eyebrow challengingly. 
"So? The familiarity method is still just a theory, so we have to be thorough when testing its validity, or lack thereof. And seven is a statistically significant number."

Levi nodded quickly.
"I understand that sir, it's just that… Well... I don't exactly have that long to live, and my condition is getting worse by the day.  Wouldn't it be cutting it kind of close to do the full seventy hours, don't you think?"

To that the man just rolled his eyes condescendingly. 
"I have read Dr. Trebusha's report on your condition Mr. Athan. And yes, I am aware that it is getting worse faster than previously estimated. However, be that as it may, we can not simply rush our work."

He gestured at the bottle, sounding increasingly exasperated.
"Do you think binding strange matter to a living being is as simple as putting it into a hypodermic needle and injecting them with it? No. It is a difficult, slow, resource intensive process that usually requires weeks of work to accomplish. Now make no mistake, we are going to be rushing you through this as much as possible. But it's still going to take awhile."

"But…" Levi felt stupid for asking, but he was honestly confused "Won't it take even longer then? I mean, if it takes so long to bind it to my blood then shouldn't you be getting started on that right away? Rather than waiting for me to finish… uh… Meditating or whatever?"

"We have." the man said flatly, before continuing in a lecturing tone. "But the biggest bottleneck in the process is time. Strange matter has to be progressively introduced to new genetic material, and given enough time to properly attune to it. Or else it will reject it like water rejects oil."

He gave the bottle a quick nod.
"That's why we start out with just a few hundred mitochondria. Later today we'll extract some out and check them. If they're still intact and haven't had their DNA tampered with, then we'll add in some red blood cells to see how they fare. But if they have been corrupted then we'll kill them off and try again with a fresh batch. And eventually it will stabilize to a point where the infected cells can divide without mutating. Of course that is a disgustingly oversimplified version of it. But my point is that there is nothing stopping you from attempting to attune to it mentally, while it's attuning to you physiologically."

Levi tilted his head up slightly. "Oh… So we're already waiting anyway? I see…"
He paused for a second, then looked at the man with one final question. "So for how long can I be hooked up to an MRI machine in one sitting?"

=======================================================================

Two weeks came and went as they prepared for the procedure.
Levi had spent every second that he could, simply holding the bottle and thinking about the same thing.
Fixating on that same hopeful dream without deviation.
He wanted the power to make things okay again, even if that meant he had to endure some kind of weird, nonsensical restriction, drawback, or side effect. 

But of course, he had no control over the situation.
Wishful thinking was just that, and he almost couldn't make up the seventy hours asked of him because the white coats kept taking the bottle away from him.
Sometimes he wouldn't even get it back until the next morning. 

But each time he got the bottle back, he couldn't help but notice that it's contents were just the slightest bit different. 
At first it was just… bigger, then it seemed to lose some of its mirror like shine, then there were little greasy specks in it, then it got a little bit pinkish, then red, then crimson. 
Eventually it started looking more like inexplicably polished blood than mercury, and finally it just started looking like plain old blood.
Though even at its most mundane, Levi still felt like there was something off about the way the blood moved when he rolled its container around.

All the while his condition worsened, until he had to abandon his crutches and start using a wheelchair.
In the end, Margaret was right.
He didn't have much time left.

However, none of that mattered anymore.
Because today was the day.
Today the wheel of fate was finally going to stop spinning, and he would be stuck with whatever blight or boon it landed on for the rest of his life.
No matter how short that may be. 

Levi placed his four of spades on the table, and briefly glanced at the depressed faces around him.
No one had said a thing since the game had started.
Normally Levi was the one who drove the conversation.
Not necessarily because he was good at speaking, but because he had a gift for making other people feel comfortable enough to talk.

But that all changed a few months ago when he found out about the tumor creeping up his spine.

Nowadays people had no idea what to say around him, and the silence was almost suffocating.
Even Levi seemed unable to think of anything to talk about. 
So they just played cards together. 
To kill what was potentially the last of their time together.

The sound of beeping suddenly broke the silence, prompting Levi to take his DP out of his pocket.
Several curious glances were exchanged as he sunk deeper into his wheelchair.

“Well...” he said, “Seems the white coats are finally ready for me.”

The suffocating quiet fell away as the room erupted into a chorus of well wishes.

The words, “Good luck.”

“Don't go dying on us ya’hear?”

“Is there anything you want me to tell your wife?”

“You will be fine, I'm sure of it.”

“It's been nice knowing you.”

“Goodbye old friend.”

“Hang in there.”

“I feel sorry for ya mate.”

And, “We’ll be with you every step of the way,” were accompanied by hugs, handshakes, and tears.

A few people even came with Levi as he headed towards the I.T.L.
But as he walked down the seemingly endless halls of concrete Levi found himself second guessing his decision.

He was trading the certainty of death for the absolute embodiment of uncertainty.
Levi had seen first hand what horrible things could happen to someone when strange matter was involved.
It terrified him so much that the slow and painful death he faced seemed almost preferable.

Levi had to force himself to keep going, his pace slowed by doubt and the slowly creeping paralysis that was starting to affect his breathing slightly.
Someone noticed him slowing, and they helpfully grabbed his wheelchair and started pushing him along, which only made him feel more helpless.
He didn't say it of course, but the lack of control made him feel a bit like he was being pushed off the edge of a cliff. 

Levi could feel his heart picking up in pace as they approached the first of the ITLs many air locking doors.
Levi had been here many times before, but this time he was a patient, not a guard.

Noticing his hesitation Gerald placed his hand on Levi’s shoulder. 
“Hey,” he said, his voice softer than Levi had ever heard it before. 
“You don't have to do this if you don't want to.” 

Levi smiled gratefully. “I'm not sure the suits would let me back out now that they have spent all this time and money on me.”

Gerald turned his eyes to the ground. “I suppose you're right.”

With one last attempt at optimism Levi turned his head to look at the small crowd of friends who came with him, and said “If I survive this, then drinks are on me.” 
People cheered, more for his sake than for the promise of free beer.

Then Lance pushed him into the airlock, where a somewhat confused looking woman in a navy blue vest was waiting for him.  
As the super thin managlass door was closed behind him, Levi tried to hold onto the hopeful feeling which he was projecting.
But it was rapidly slipping away like sand through open fingers.

This was it… The moment of truth. 

The ITL, or Initial Testing Laboratory, was by far the largest mana glass structure in the Redgate facility.
Comprised of many interlocking rooms, connected together by a generous amount of airlocks, the I.T.L. was designed to somewhat safely manage and contain any threats or unknown quantities that might arise during the first few days of testing a jumper's limits and abilities.

It was also, basically the semi-permanent residence of one of Redgate's oldest and most valuable jumpers.

"Hello Hint." Levi waved.
He didn't know the man's real name, which was fine, because he didn't either.
Hint had grown up down here, the poor fellow.  
He was nearly sixty years old now, and he couldn't even remember the sky.

"Hello Athings." Hint said cheerfully as he craned his neck around oddly before while turning to look at him with one eye, while the other listed off to the side.
Hint was NVT, which stood for 'No Visible Transformation'.
Basically it was just a fancy way of saying that he was a normal human being.
…physically anyway...

His mind however was… well... 
He wasn't a bloodthirsty monster at the very least, but…
Perhaps the kindest way to describe it was that he was mentally challenged.
Levi still wasn't sure if that was the fault of the supernatural insanity metal which flowed through his veins, or if he was just stunned by all of the trauma that he went through during those early days of Redgate. 
Back before they could rely on mana glass to drastically curb the death tolls of their mistakes.

"Whyreu sittin' down? Do you need me to tell yu what theyre thinking? Because you keep telling you I caint see… cant look at it before it's thinkin. Too much all at once. Hadn't decided yet, could be anything. Ask my when its not an thing and is a who. I'll have a better idea then."
He babbled apologetically.

Levi smiled and shook his head as the woman hurried him past.
He didn't quite know what Hint was trying to say specifically, however he had a pretty good idea just based on previous experiences. 
"Don't worry Hint. No one is going to make you look at the raw strange matter. Or even the diluted stuff. I know it hurts your eyes. You only need to look once it's done, and tell us… tell them what your impression is. Just the same as always right?"

Hint just nodded at the corner of the ceiling as Levi was pushed along out of sight.
He had the remarkably useful ability to guess at other people's powers, which is why he was present for almost every infection event. 

His impressions gave the coats a starting point for their tests, allowing them to quickly discover subtle or overly specific powers much quicker then they would have otherwise.
But he wasn't really useful for people who got flashy, obvious, or instantly recognizable powers.
Because if your power was to breath fire, or to turn everything you touched into clay, then plain observation would almost always figure that one out before Hint could even finish speaking.

Sometimes Levi wondered how different things would be if Hint could get his impression on someone before they were actually infected.
Would that even make a difference?

Hint's hints were always vague and open ended.
So Levi wasn't convinced that the coats wouldn't just go through with the vast majority of infections anyway.
Although, maybe they would try to fish around for people with the most useful sounding impressions.

Either way, Levi really wished that he could have had his hint before committing to the change. 
Because as it was, the uncertainty was eating him up from the inside out.

Unsurprisingly the ITL was full of scientists, all dressed in their signature white coats.
One of them approached Levi, looked down at him through her spectacles, and pointlessly asked “Are you the volunteer?” with callous disinterest and a mild russian accent. 

A few of the other scientists looked up from what they were doing at the word 'volunteer' before returning to their work.

“Yeah, that’s me,” Levi answered sheepishly.

The woman adjusted his glasses. “Right, this way.”

Levi soon found himself being wheeled into a large multi colored room, that was completely empty save for a single solitary chair that resembled some kind of torture device.
The large and sturdy chair was anchored to the reflective rainbow ground by heavy steel beams, qwhich had been tarnished by the harsh chemicals used to clean the room between uses.

Levi clenched his teeth as he remembered all the people he helped strap into that chair.
And as the blue vest who accompanied him fastened the restraints around his limbs, he couldn't help but feel that this was some sort of karma.

"I don't start these fires, I just help put them out. I don't start fires, I just help put them out."
Levi repeated, as if the mantra could save him.

"Stop that. It's creepy."
The woman wheeling him into the room finally snapped.

"Oh, sorry."
Levi looked up at the woman.
She had dirty blond hair that was tied back in a ponytail underneath her navy blue baseball cap, and she had a deceptively athletic build.
Perhaps it was the hard look in her dull green eyes, but there was just something about her which screamed army girl.
And yet… Behind her cold professional stare was a hidden look of intense confusion and internalized panic.

Levi recognized that look immediately.
He had seen it enough times in the mirror to know.
She had no idea what was going on down here.

"You're new here. Aren't you."
It wasn't a question.
Levi didn't know every vest in redgate of course, they did have a rotating roster after all.
But he was fairly certain that he hadn't ever seen her face before now, and it was a safe assumption to make.
Rookies were always abundant down here, as the high mortality rate meant that there was always a need for fresh meat.

"No… er… Yes? This is only my second assignment. But I've already seen the… The weirdness for myself. And I've had enough time to process it." The woman insisted.

Levi smiled bitterly to himself.
He didn't believe that for one second.
He had worked here for six years, and he still sometimes wondered if he was just insane... if he had just imagined all of this madness and magic. 
But of course thoughts like those just led in circles.

So instead he tried to focus on what made sense to him.
The simple little day to day interactions between people.
"What's your name? If you don't mind me asking. Mine's Levi. Levi Athan."

Levi saw her hesitate, then smile somewhat awkwardly.
"Shay Johnson. I'm from the state's."

Shay helped Levi transition from his wheelchair to the ominous monster restraining chair, that was at least twice its size and eight times its mass.
Then she gave him a bit of an odd look as he thanked her for her help.
"Are all of Redgate's test subjects as competitive cooperative as you? You seem awfully... calm about this."

Levi laughed.
"Calm? No, I'm terrified. It's just that this has been hanging over me for a long time now, and I'm just glad that it will be over soon. One way or the other."
He looked at her and smiled "I'm guessing your first assignment was something like feeding and checkup, right? Well, I'm sorry in advance if this goes… badly. Because it's one thing to see a collection of monsters and madmen in cages, and it's quite another to watch some poor kid with their whole life ahead of them accidentally run into a wall at mach nine."

Shay pushed the wheelchair out of the way, and had just started the laughably pointless task of strapping down his already paralyzed legs, when the disturbing mental image finally registered with her and she had to pause for a second and look at him.
"Wait… What?"

Levi nodded gravely.
"Oh yeah. He went splat like a bug on the windshield of a jet plane. And he was only one case among thousands. You see, the people in the cages aren't the only jumpers they've tried to make in these past fifty years. They're simply the ones who've survived."

"Oh geez." 
It was all she could say as she double checked the restraints that she was tightening over his arms.

Levi nodded while he still could.
She hadn't gotten to strapping his head down yet. 
"Yeah. This isn't exactly a very good place in case you haven't noticed."

"Is it too late to choose that mind erasing pen thing?" She joked nervously. 

"Sadly yes. The black suits have already taken the time to incorporate you into one of their projects. So I'm sorry to say, but you are stuck here for the time being."
Levi's voice grew serious. "No one ever quits this job… ever… I'll just let you guess as to why."

Shay's eyes went wide as she leaned in under the pretense of closely checking the tightness of the head strap.
"Oh crap… They kill you don't they?"

Levi tried to shrug, but the restraints held him still.
"Don't know." He said, a lot more openly than her "No one has ever tried it before."

"No one?" Shay stood up and took a step back. "But that doesn't make any sense. I thought you said they've been doing this for fifty years? There's no way that in all that time..."
The woman trailed off as her eyes became unfocused, and she just stared into space with a mortified expression.

“Quite the paradox isn't it?” Levi agreed. “Oh sure. People have planned to leave before. We even have protocol for it somewhere. But no one ever actually goes through with it.”

“Why not?” The question hung in the air for a second before Levi answered it honestly. “Fear I guess. You see all this magic stuff makes people pretty superstitious. And no one wants to be the one who finds out why it's been that way for so long.”

Levi… shuddered.
“I consider myself to be a pretty secularly minded man myself. But even I have to admit that… Well… Let’s just say that I have seen a lot of people die on whatever day was supposed to be their last.”

Shay raised an eyebrow. “So they are killing people?”

Levi pursed his lips “Again… I don’t know. From what I have seen they are always genuine accidents or disasters. Which the agency does do its very best to handle properly. My buddy Lance seems to think it’s fate or some kind of curse. Me? I don’t know what to believe. All I know is that the pattern exists. So I wouldn't tempt it if I were you.”


“The veins next. Miss Johnson.”
An exasperated voice said over the intercom.

“Right.” Shay said instantly.
And to her credit she only jumped a little bit at the loud buzzing speaker.
Wasting no time she went straight to one of the compartments in the chair, and began messing with something outside of his field of vision.
The woman had obviously been given a crash course on what she was supposed to be doing in this operation, but this was her first time ever doing it on a real human before, and it showed.

It wasn't that she was sloppy, she just lacked the practiced precession, and jaded cynicism of someone like Levi. 
Who, by now, had become frighteningly num to the prospect of leading people to their deaths.

"This will hurt." Shay warned as she reentered his line of sight with a cluster of rubber tubes in hand.
She seemed to be a lot more nurturing after exchanging a few short words with him.

“Eh, it’s only a needle. You have to get poked a few times as part of your checkup whenever you go up or down. So I’ve gotten used to them by now.” Levi scoffed. “Unless you're talking about the blood. In which case, yeah maybe. It could be painless, or it could be the worst agony you can imagine. I’ve even seen people react as if it was down right pleasant. And that’s the problem with this stuff. No one knows what it’s going to be like.”

Shay took the odd little device at the end of the rubber tube and carefully guided the needle at the end of it into one of his blood veins. 
And then after getting feedback from the device that it was ready she strapped it down as well with some medical tape.

True to his words, Levi didn't so much as flinch when his arm got pricked “So... What was your weirding experience? That is to say, when was the first time that you released that there was another side to reality that most people don’t see?”

Shay scoffed a little as she tinkered with the chair’s side panel.
She was out of his limited line of sight, but he could still hear her.
“Well, it was right after I got my third Medal of Honor. I was in the US marine corps you see. And well... After the ceremony a was pulled aside by one of my superiors. And he introduced me to this guy in a plane black business suit. He said he was impressed by what I had done so far, and he offered me a choice. Work for him to help keep the world safe, or go back to what I was doing and forget that we ever met. Obviously I was intrigued, so I agreed to the interview. I was so nervous until he started explaining. Then I thought it was all some elaborate joke… Right up until he showed me this little teleporting snake rabbit thing, and I realized that it was all real.”

She shuddered as she walked back into view, “After that I was given the choice again. Either I could work for them, or I could get my mind erased and go back to my normal life as a war hero.”

Shay sighed, then smiled sheepishly “Well… I think it’s pretty obvious which one I picked.”

"Really? Well now, that is impressive." Levi said without exaggeration or sarcasm. "They don't usually just approach people like that. You must have really impressed them. Normally when they give out that choice it's to people like me… People who have already seen something supernatural. People who just encountered something in the wild oneday which they shouldn't have. If they think you can be useful then they offer you the choice to forget everything, or keep your memories and work for them. And if not they skip straight to the memory blanking. Don't ask me why they want to keep it all under wraps. Because honestly, I haven't got the slightest idea."

"Hu… Weird…”
Shay said as she fiddled with the rubber mouth guards in hand.
It was the last bit of restraining gear that she had to set up, and it was necessary to keep him from accidentally biting his tongue in the case of a traumatic event.
But she hesitated to gag him with it.

At last she asked.
”So what was your… 'weirding experience' then?”

Levi smiled just a little awkwardly.
"I was unfortunate enough to be in the wrong town during a full moon. And yeah… It was exactly what you're expecting. Werewolves. Did you know that most people don't actually turn when they're bitten? The ones who do typically only change for a few nights before they just get over it and never change again. But there was this business with some artifact that was doing something to make them... I don't know… spread faster I guess? Either way the place was overrun with them within the space of a night. I only survived because of this creepy kid who had like, a pet werewolf or something? For some reason she was actually friendly and could talk! But she didn't look like your typical werewolf. She looked just like a regular dog only really really big, and she was actually the one who-"

"We do not have all day you two…"
An exasperated voice reminded them over the speakers.

"Sorry." Levi said at the same time that Shay nearly shouted back. ”Yes sir."

Then she turned to Levi and gave him an apologetic look.
"Sorry."

"It's fine." Levi sighed "If you want to get the full story talk to Raymond. Lord knows he's made me tell it to him enough to have it memorized by now. I think he collects weirding stories for some reason."

Shay slowly raised the mouthpiece up as if asking him to wrap things up so Levi just sighed again and said.
"Goodbye. Shay Johnson. It was nice meeting you."

Levi couldn't think of any more fitting last words.

Shay put the rubber guard into Levi’s mouth and he bit down without a fuss.
She then went about double checking everything to make sure that it was secure, before standing up and giving him a salute.
“Goodbye sir.”

She didn't cry, and her voice didn't crack with emotion.
After all… She was no stranger to seeing people die.
Even people that she liked.

Shay Johnson walked briskly back to the entry chamber and closed the door.
Leaving Levi alone and helpless.

His heart beat in his chest as he sat there, unable to move, unable to resist.
He had done it… He had put himself into the position… There was no turning back now…
Levi waitted, and that panic inducing wait seemed to drag on forever.
But eventually, after what seemed like an agonisingly long delay, the tube began to fill with his blood.

Though not from the end that was attached to his arm, oh no…
The blood was filling the tube from a chamber in the chair, and slowly making its way towards him. 
It didn't look any different from his own normal blood, but Levi knew that it was now infused with trace amounts of the world's most inexplicable substance.

As the tainted blood reached his arm and was returned to his bloodstream, Levi felt a strange and violent tingling sensation creeping through him.
The feeling was so vivid that he could tell exactly where the blood had spread to at any given moment. 

And soon Levi’s entire body started trembling and he broke into a cold sweat.
This lasted for several hours as Levi slowly lost consciousness.
In that final moment, he couldn't care less about superpowers or monsters or karma.

All he could think about was the simple fact that he didn't want to die.
Either Levi was dreaming or he was dead, he still wasn't sure which one.

Sure, it certainly seemed like he was asleep, but even with his drastically reduced grasp on the passage of time Levi could still tell that he should have woken up a long time ago.

“Hey honey, do you know what the best way to wash dishes is?” an excited voice asked.

Levi turned the room to face his wife, who was breaking plates on the floor and gluing the broken pieces back together.

There was also a baby in the sink.
Levi was pretty sure it was supposed to be their child, but his wife was still pregnant for some reason.
Probably because that was how she looked the last time he saw her.

“Look at how clean they are now,” she chirped with glee.

Levi inspected the imaginary kitchenware that had just appeared in his hands and took a literal moment to consider whether the trick would work in real life.
Eventually though he lost interest that he didn't have to begin with, and said simply “If I ever wake up then I'll tell the real Margaret all about it.”

Rather than denying being a figment of his imagination she simply smiled and said, “Yes! Do that. It will save me a lot of time.”

Levi did not drop the plate, nor did he leave the kitchen, or the company of his wife.
Yet as he walked alone down the bustling streets of the city, he couldn't help but feel like he was missing something important.
He rubbed at his temples with his empty hands and tried his best to pull his thoughts back together.

“Lets see... When was the last time I was awake?” Levi asked himself only to remember that he had just answered that question twice.
“I was doing my rounds and... no wait... I had just volunteered for strange matter testing and... hold on... why did I do that again?”
Levi shook his head “I get it now. I’m dreaming!” he suddenly realized “Now- wait... when did I fall asleep?”

The same questions spiralled in his mind, threatening to endlessly lead him in tight mental circles forever.

And then something happened.
It was such a small and simple thing, that might have already happened several times before.
But for whatever reason, be it simple chance or him becoming less entrenched in his dream, this time he was able to actually focus on that unfamiliar thread.
Instead of getting sucked back down into that spiral of forgetfulness.

He felt something prickly on his back.
That was it.
It was no grand revelation, and Levi wasn't thinking clearly enough to care even if it was. 
Still, he decided to put his broken musings on hold until after he had rolled over to get a better look at whatever it was.

Doing that... or... attempting to do that, somehow twisted something in real life.
The pain was very distant and mild, but it was real, which startled him.
For a while Levi felt as if he were falling as he slowly woke up, and not wanting to slip back into unconsciousness, he forced his eyes open.

He saw a concrete ceiling.
It was a plain patternless gray, and he could barely see it with how blurry his vision was.
But it was real, and that was the only thing mattered to him right now.

Levi wanted to sit up, but as his wits returned to him he quickly realized that there was something very, very wrong with him.

His entire body felt indescribably strange, and he was having trouble figuring out where his joints were in relation to his limbs.
Confused and disoriented, Levi tried to move in an attempt to figure out what position he was in.

It took him far too long to realize that, wherever his arms and legs were, they were restrained.
Panic was starting to set in as he realized that there was also something on his face.
He crossed his eyes as he tried to see what it was, but that only confused him more as his vision was still far too blurry to see details.

Then thousands of blatantly obvious realizations started to compete with each other for Levi’s immediate and undivided attention. 
There was something prickly running down his back, his skin was coated by something with rough texture, his field of vision was disorientingly wide, he couldn't open his mouth, there were tubes stuck down his throat, he felt numb like he hadn't moved for days, and most disturbingly of all…

He felt like he had more than four limbs…

Levi tried to scream but all he could muster was a weak groan.
His vision was beginning to clear up a little, and he could now see that the thing wrapped around his mouth was a muzzle, like the kind used to restrain animals.
He groaned again, this time a little louder and stronger than before.

Then a spark of blue light redirected Levi’s attention away from the restraint on his face.
Levi wasn't sure how long it had been there, but there was lightning everywhere!
Dancing around the room and jolting through his body.

It made him feel sort of like the monster from the story of Dr. Frankenstein, especially since he was strapped down to a table and moaning as loud as he could.
In fact, Levi was half expecting someone to yell 'IT'S ALIVE!' in a creepy German accent.

Under any other circumstances Levi would have probably paid a little more attention to being electrocuted. 
But it didn't actually seem to be hurting him, and there was no shortage of strange feelings to distract him.

Levi mentally counted and recounted his limbs, but every time he came up with a different conclusion.
It was as if he could feel two sets of limbs, one where his limbs actually were, and another where his brain thought that his limbs should be.
The overall effect was extremely disorienting and made Levi feel like an octopus that had somehow managed to overlap half its tentacles inside of each other.

Levi briefly noted that the lighting was steadily getting stronger, but somehow, that managed to end up as the least of his concerns.
He was slipping into full blown hysterics now, and couldn't even hear his own thoughts over the deafening sound of thunder.

Levi tried to wriggle free from the restraints but the miniscule amount of motion that he could muster only served to disorient him even more.
His brain was practically screaming at him, insisting that his body was bending in the wrong places.
The experience was disturbingly akin to how he imagined broken bones would feel if they didn't hurt like hell.

Levi started to hyperventilate, yet he still felt like he was going to die of suffocation.

Then amidst the pulsating roar of thunder he heard a voice call out something that could have been his name.

Levi tried to scream for help, but his jaw was tightly held shut, preventing anything other than a gagged cry of dismay.
He wanted to try again, but his body was still forcing air into his already full lungs, trying in vain to quell the feeling of suffocation.

Levi thought he heard the voice say something about needing him to calm down, but he could barely hear it.

He felt like throwing up but there didn't seem to be anything in him to vomit, so he ended up choking on his own lungs instead.

Then, above the roaring storm, he heard the voice yell something that seemed completely inapplicable to the situation. “YOU DON'T START FIRES!”

Levi stopped choking as he recognised the first half to a mantra he had repeated to himself for almost six years.
That phrase was meant to quell feelings of guilt and moral outrage, but in this situation it came with a new meaning.
One that was completely detached from the words themselves.

It meant that things were bad, and that there was nothing Levi could do to fix it.
In fact, the more he thought about it, the more he realised that it had always meant that.
So he closed his eyes, stopped screaming, let himself go limp, and resigned himself to whatever horrible fate he had been dealt.

The lightning started to die down as Levi mentally recited the second part of the calming chant, echoing the voice that he now recognised as Ben Callbatch, his friend and coworker “...you help put them out.”

“Yeah there ya go, that's it, everything is going to be ok,” Ben said in a calming tone.
There was a brief metallic click that Levi recognised as the sound of a speaker being turned off momentarily, but it quickly clicked back on as Ben asked “Yeah, ya remember that old thing ya used to say dontcha?”
There was something about his voice... it seemed sad yet, also demeaning.
Like an odd mix of the way someone would talk to a pet, and the way one would talk to a grave.

Ben continued to speak in that same tone of voice, and somewhere in the back of Levi’s mind he knew that he really should listen to him.
Yet his friend’s words somehow managed to get lost in the growing mire of things bidding for his attention.

Still, it was reassuring to hear Ben's slightly southern voice chattering on in the background of the chaos.

Levi closed his eyes, as he tried to figure out what was wrong with him.
His body was horrifically disfigured somehow, that he knew, but the complete absence of any real pain seemed irksome to him.

Then the words “your funeral” suddenly caught Levi’s strained attention like a rabbit in a bear trap.
Allowing him to once again focus on what his friend was saying.

“I got to meet Margaret for the first time, and your parents. They had sailed in all the way from Kentucky to pay their respects.”
Ben talked in that same calming tone as before, yet his voice was even more mournful than earlier. 
“Ya got a lovely family sir,” he concluded after a short sad pause.

Levi had so many questions he wanted to ask, but not one of them could make it past his lips with that accursed thing on his face.

Ben inhaled sharply “I still wish I could hav told em why we were buryin an empty coffin... but that just our job for ya I suppose...”
There was a long pause as Ben fell silent, but the absence of a click let Levi know that he was still sitting there with his finger on the talk button, trying to think of something to say.

“This place just ain't the same without ya man... It’s less friendly, and it wasn't that friendly to begin with ya’know? Heck, even a couple of the jumpers were asking about you after-”

The mic clicked off, and for a few seconds Levi was worried that it would stay off.
He whimpered in an unnervingly inhuman way as he considered the possibility of being alone once more.

But thankfully the mic clicked back on with Ben’s voice. “Okay buddy. There’s a coat here to see you. All she’s gonna do is ask you a few questions okay? Don't freak out, just, stay calm.”
He was trying so hard to be reassuring that it had the opposite effect and actually put Levi even more on edge.

The mic clicked off and then clicked back on with the voice of a clinical woman with no expectations. “Can you hear me? Can you understand what I'm saying to you?”

Levi tried to nod, it was a slow, confused, forced motion, but he managed it.

There was a pause before the woman spoke again, this time with slightly more interest. “Do you remember your name?”

Levi slowly managed another nod.

“Is your name Levi Athan?” she asked again with teetering curiosity.

Levi nodded once more, slightly faster and smoother than before.

There was another pause before she spoke again, with sudden skepticism in her voice.
“Please give a negative response.”

Levi could not stop his mind from drifting off the woman's questions and back towards the seemingly impossible task of figuring out the current state of his body.

With great effort he focused on his limbs and was able to distinguish his arms from his legs.
But there was something else bugging him, something that just didn't fit, like an extra piece to a puzzle that he had already completed.

“Please indicate a no Mr. Athan,” the voice insisted.
There was something about the way she said it.
As if she felt that she was wasting her time, but that she was going to cover all her bases despite the futility of it.

Levi had to draw his attention away from his legs to focus on the unusually difficult task of shaking his head.

The woman seemed more than satisfied with his response and asked, “Can I ask you a few questions about yourself?” in a particular rhythm that Levi instantly recognized as the start to a review of his personnel summary.

A personnel summary was a document which contained seemingly arbitrary information that every member of the staff was required to fill out and regularly update.
It didn't actually matter what you put on it, so long as you used your real name.
Which had led to it becoming a bit of an inside joke among the Redgate employees.

And then, somehow, that joke had mutated into a… secret code of sorts.
Basically, people would write down blatantly false answers in their summaries.
Anyone with a data pad could discreetly look up the false information, and if they thought that a co-worker was acting… unusual, then they could causally ask them about it.
And if they gave them the obviously correct answers instead of their silly made up ones, then they would know immediately that something was wrong.

Obviously, it was by no means a perfect system.
The personnel summery was never intended to be used like this. 
But it had saved people's lives in the past, by secretly uncovering mind control and shape shifters without alerting them to the fact that they had been discovered.
So by this point, pretty much everyone used it out of principle.

And the slightly awkward phrase of 'Can I ask you a few questions about yourself?' had somehow come to be known as an unofficial reminder to reply with whatever weird answers you had written down that week.

Levi had decided to only have three nonsense answers in his summery.
Which were that his favorite color was Square, that his mother's maiden name was Wrong Answer, and that his fondest memory ws Red Popcorn Divided by 2.
Honestly, he didn't change them around nearly as often as he should have.

Levi clumsily nodded at the request, but she had already started her inquiry regardless.
“Are you male?” she asked with the voice of someone doing paperwork, and Levi promptly answered her with a nod.

“How old are you?” the woman asked before instructing him to: “Nod once I get to the appropriate age.” 
She then began counting up from one, pausing with a click in between each number to look for a response.
All the while her voice kept its flat, reading tone, but it also carried with it something else.
A sort of cautious optimism that threatened to dissipate at any moment.

“one,” click... “two,” click... “three,” click...
The slightly staticky clicking sound mixed with the ever present symphony of zaps and sparks made Levi feel as if he was listening to a dying radio.

“seven,” click... “eight,” click...
Levi tried to stay focused on what the woman was saying, but he couldn't help but let his attention be tugged back to that extra piece in his puzzle.

“eleven,” “twelve,” 
There was something between his legs... an extension of his spine that continued well past his pelvis.

“fifteen,” “sixteen,” 
The lighting suddenly crashed around him again as Levi was hit by a horrifying realization.

“nineteen,” “twenty”
He… had a tail.

“twenty three,” “twenty four,”
Everything clicked in his mind and Levi wanted to smack himself in the face for not realizing it sooner.

“twenty seven,” “twenty eight,” 
Levi frantically tried to recall the protocol when dealing with FVTs, and quickly realized just how thin the ice he was walking on really was.

“thirty,” “thirty one,”
He immediately turned his attention to the woman counting, as he now knew just how important it was that he answered these questions intelligently.

“thirty two,” click... “thirty three,” click...
Levi waited in anticipation of the words “thirty four” before nodding.

There was a pause and a click as the woman most likely double checked her notes.
“Very good.” she said finally before using the same listing method to ask a variety of other seemingly pointless questions, including the three wrong ones, which Levi answered accordingly.
But it hadn't escaped his notice that she had completely skipped over many of the questions pertaining to his physical appearance, like hair color, eye color, height, weight, etc. 

Levi didn't know how much time the two of them had spent on this normally short interview, and he was getting a bit impatient for some answers of his own.

“Very good Mr. Athan,” the woman said finally, no longer hiding the excitement in her voice. “I'm going to send someone in there to loosen your restraints. They will be wearing protective clothing, but I would like you to try and tone down the electricity all the same.”

Levi was slightly taken aback by the notion that he was creating the lighting, but the more he thought about it the more it made sense.
Electrocuting test subjects was not a common practise, and the ever present sparks did seem to rise and fall with the intensity of his current state of panic. 

‘I don't start fires, I help put them out,’ he repeated over and over again in his mind, but there was only so much a mantra could do.

Levi heard a door open and close with a mechanical clatter.
Then he heard footsteps approaching him and Ben's voice softly muttering “Don't worry, I ain't gonna hurt ya, everything gonna be just fine,” along with a host of other unnerving reassurances.

A pair of dark black rubber gloves entered Levi’s field of vision.
“Hold still,” Ben pleaded nervously as he started unfastening the unnecessarily tight straps on the muzzle.

A numbed sense of feeling poured into Levi’s face as the strap came undone only to be replaced by one of the most severe cases of pins and needles Levi had ever felt.

Then Ben began undoing another strap, and another, and another, each one seeming like it should have been the last.
Either Levi was mistaken or his face was... longer… a lot longer.

He winced as Ben gently pulled the muzzle off of him.
At first Levi thought that the muzzle was a bit excessive, but now that it was gone he could plainly see the scaly blue snout that warranted it.

Levi froze stiff as he didn't know what to do or how to react.

“Are ya still there buddy?” Ben eventually asked.

Levi opened his mouth to speak, and instantly regretted it.
The way his jaw moved seemed to be just plain wrong, and his brain adamantly rejected the notion that this was how it was supposed to open. 
So he just nodded instead.

Ben seemed slightly relieved but Levi was too overwhelmed to listen to what he had to say.

While nodding he realized that his head was no longer held down, and that he could finally sit up to see just what had happened to him.
Levi’s dread grew with the lightning as he slowly craned his neck upwards.

He had two legs, two arms, and one hell of a lizard like tail that was almost as long as he was.

When Levi first woke up he had dismissed the rough feeling of his skin on the idea that he was wearing an oddly textured jumpsuit of some kind.
But he wasn't wearing a jumpsuit…
In fact he wasn't wearing anything at all.
The odd texture was that of the tiny scales that completely covered him.
Most of them were blue except for the pale yellow ones that ran down his belly and the underside of his tail.

There was also an unnerving line of stitches that ran down the entire length of his body, making him look like some sort of creepy stuffed dragon.

Ben started undoing the rest of the restraints but Levi wasn’t planning on moving much anyway.
Instead he rolled his tongue around in his mouth, trying to get a feel for it.
There were an awful lot of sharp pointy teeth of varying sizes and not much else.
He then opened and closed his jaw a couple times despite the awful, unnatural feeling of it.
This seemed to slowly and ever so slightly help Levi’s brain adjust to his new snout.

“Ya okay?” Ben asked again with an odd glance back at Levi on the other side of the table.
And it was a table, not the heavy chair that he remembered losing consciousness in.

“Mufnmnmnm... hurrr?” Levi muttered back in a bizarre almost dog like voice.
Somewhere down the line, the sounds that Levi had wanted to make became garbled and twisted.
“Mhufyn? Mhu, ehm, fn,” Levi tried again, only slightly closer to the ‘I’m fine’ that he was trying to say but didn't actually mean.

“Hmm?” Ben asked, with a worried expression hidden behind his black visor.

“Mu khmpt tchrrrk,” Levi attempted to explain.
He tried placing his free hand on his throat for emphasis but he just ended up bopping his chest with his thumb.
Levi probably would have taken a moment out to thank his lucky stars that he still had thumbs, but his brain was once again protesting the abnormal movements of his body, and the natural reaction to flinch wasn't helping matters. 

“What, the scar? Uh… Just don't worry about that, you're perfectly fine,” Ben nervously explained after misinterpreting Levi’s botched gesture.

Ben had just finished undoing the last of the restraints on Levi’s tail when all of a sudden the thing moved on its own, and knocked him over with a wide sweeping motion.
It wasn't quite a reflex, more of a subconscious action, like blinking or yawning.

With a bit of concentration Levi managed to make his tail stop waving back and forth, but not before gently smacking it into Ben’s helmet as he got back up.

“Guess I deserved that,” Ben chuckled as he rubbed the back of his neck.
Levi let out a sigh of relief, thankful that Ben didn't interpret that involuntary tail slap as a sign of aggression.
He didn't know what he would have done otherwise.

“Truth is, they cut ya open to get a better look at your innards,” Ben admitted sheepishly.

Levi nodded understandingly, it was after all standard procedure when it came to containable FVTs, so he probably would have figured it out on his own anyway.

“It’s really still you isn't it?” Ben asked hopefully as he took a step back.

Levi nodded vigorously.  
“Yugh.... yuh? yeh. yah, yaph, yeph.” his body was still protesting the wrongness inherent in every breath, but that didn't stop him from trying. “Yef, yefs. yehs? Hyes, yye? Yyes?”

Levi wanted to break down and cry right there.
He couldn't talk, he didn't know how to make the sounds he needed.
Maybe he could learn to talk again using this new voice, but it would take some time, and he might never be able to say everything that he could before. 

Ben however seemed to understand.
If not from the word itself, then by his sloppy but vigorous nodding.
“Ya don't know how much of a relief that is. ” he said, his voice choking with tears “The white coats insisted that, if you ever did wake up, ya’d be completely bonkers.”

The lightning started sparking up again as Levi stopped to ponder this.
It was true that every single FVT ever created in over 50 years of strange matter research had suffered from some form of extreme mental corruption.
Usually getting worse the more extensively their bodies changed.
So why would he be any different? 
Why was he still sane?
Was he still sane?

“Okay I need ya to breathe normally, and try not to move for a sec.” Ben instructed nervously as he adjusted something on the nearby life support equipment.
Then he carefully started removing all the tubes, monitors, and other paraphernalia that Levi had hooked up to him.
“Ok, ya can sit up now,” Ben offered with his hand outstretched.

Levi was still a little wary of moving as everything he did, no matter how small, felt completely overwhelming to him.
But he decided that maybe the best course of action was to just tough it out and force himself to adjust.
So he reached up with his blue scaly hand and grabbed Ben’s rubber glove.

Levi was actually a bit worried that he might unintentionally rip a hole in Ben’s suit with one of the sharp black talons that tipped each of his fingers, but that concern was completely forgotten the moment Ben started helping him up.

The concept of phantom limbs inside real limbs seemed to also be applicable to Levi’s spine, and the disorienting shock that came with this feeling was unbearable.
No longer restrained by the muzzle, Levi’s dog like yelping carried through the small room and startled Ben into letting go of Levi’s quivering hand.

The strange thing was that, apart from bumping his head on the metal slab, the experience didn't hurt at all.
But to be perfectly honest, Levi would have preferred pain.
He knew pain, he could handle pain, but this was a new kind of feeling that would need its own word to describe properly.
The only word that he could reach for was overwhelming, but that seemed so inadequate for what he was going through. 

“I’m so sorry! Are ya okay!?” Ben asked frantically.

Levi was still shaking, and sparks were flying everywhere as he let his tail freely thrash from side to side, but he eventually settled down enough to nod.
“Yeph ehm phu...”

The lightning died down at first but then picked back up as the reality of the situation started creeping up on Levi.
This wasn't just a brief crisis that could be fixed, this was his life now.
He was going to spend the rest of his life as a monster locked in a cage.
He would never be able to talk to his wife again, nor would he be there to see the birth of his child. 

Levi felt like he was sobbing, but no tears came to his eyes.
He couldn't admit it to himself yet, but it probably had something to do with him no longer being human anymore, and his body reacting to strong emotion differently.

"I'll just..." Ben hesitated to get closer, as he winged his gloved hands with clear indecision in his stance.
He looked to the security camera in the corner of the room and shrugged helplessly.
"What I'm I supposed to do? I think he's in pain. Should we get a teal- ... Should we get a doctor to come look at him?"

There was a long pause before the clinical woman's voice filled the room again.
 "Someone is on their way, but you might need to sedate him… He appears to be having a panic attack, and his power is interfering with the camera feed."

Levi could hardly hear them talking.
He was too lost in the war between his body and his brain. 
But even in his frantic state he could hear fragments of the conversion.
Or was it an argument?

"...he seems to remember…"

"...not a perfect defense…"

"...keep him calm…"

"...camera shouldn't be functioning at all…"

"...never this bad before…"

"...we weren't expecting him to…"

"...suite seems to be effective…"

"...have to run more tests…"

Levi's vision was slowly going dark around the corners, and the only thing stopping him from fainting again was his intense fear of not waking up.

Someone else entered the room.
They were wearing the same heavy protective rubber suite that Ben was wearing, and they kept asking him medical questions.
Levi couldn't ever answer them with words, only vague clumsy muscle twitches that could barely be recognized as him attempting to shake his head or nod.

Levi had never had a seizure before, but he imagined that they were probably similar to what he was experiencing right now.
He couldn't move, he couldn't speak, he couldn't calm down, he couldn't focus, he couldn't breath, he couldn't think, he couldn't stop shaking, and he couldn't understand what had happened to him.

The doctor gave a vague diagnosis which basically boiled down to him being in shock, as well as the obligatory "There is only so much that a doctor can do or know in a scenario like this. All I can give you is a rough estimate based on what we know about normal biological trends."
Honestly, he had no idea what to do and he practically said as much.

So they did the only thing they could do.
They waited to see if the situation would improve.
And it did… slowly.

Ben tried his best to comfort Levi, but they all figured out rather quickly that trying to move him at all was a terrible idea.
So he decided to sit back and do his best to offer verbal encouragement instead.
And then he just sat there quietly, simply being there for him.

The first few hours were torturous.
But slowly, ever so painfully slowly, his mind began to settle.
It flared up again every time he moved, but at least he could breathe again.
Sure it still felt weird and wrong to him, he had to get used to it slowly or else he would fry his brain.

After a while Levi's mind cleared enough that he could finally find the headspace to notice something obvious.
The ceiling of this room was concrete.
Not the multi colored crystal which was over his head when he lost consciousness.

They had already moved him out of the ITL?
But he hadn't gone through initial testing yet.
How were they supposed to know what his powers or limits were if they didn't test them?
Why did they take him out from under the protective barrier of mana glass before he was even conscious?
Surely they knew how stupid and dangerous it was to move him down to lower security level so soon didn't they?

He had so many questions which he couldn't ask.
In fact he couldn't even think clearly enough to form the questions in his mind before it darted off to something else entirely.

It was all too much…

Too overwhelming...

He couldn't handle it…

The word was spinning…

It didn't make sense anymore...

Everything had changed…

He didn't want to die...

Levi spiraled for several more hours, as his friends took unnecessary shifts watching him in person.
Some tried to comfort him, others simply sat in silence, but most of them just… talked.

It didn't really matter what about.
More than one of them talked about his funeral.
Others just complained about their day to fill the silence.
The rest just said their goodbyes another time, and left it at that. 

The mood in the air was morosely quiet, and deathly still. 
So much so that even the blue static that rolled over the ceiling seemed to drift into the background.
But it was the crying that Levi heard the clearest.

Looking back on it, Levi regretted not being able to really listen to them. 
Their words, their questions, their one sided conversation… They all became one jumbled up blur in his memories.
But the sentiment had gotten through to him.

In fact, if it wasn't for the people asking questions, telling stories, and forcing him to pay some attention to them instead of everything else then he might have gone crazy fixating on everything that didn't make sense.
Because the words shared with him were the only normal things in his life at that point, even if he couldn't hear half of them over his own racing thoughts.

Eventually though… after what seemed like an eternity of torment and confusion, his brain finally adjusted enough that he could listen again.
But by that time it was too late.
Most of them had already said their peace and left.
And Levi couldn't ask them to come back and say goodbye again. 

=======================================================================

It took a little while longer before he felt brave enough to start moving again.
Or… trying to anyway.
He had to move slowly, oh so very slowly, or else his mind and body would begin arguing again. 

But what else was he supposed to do?
He couldn't just lay there forever.
He had to look, he had to see what had happened to him.

So he slowly… oh so very slowly… lifted his head and looked around.
The first thing he saw was the stitches that ran a vertical line down his…
It was hard to think of it as his chest.
It was a chest certainly, but not his.

The black thread looked loose, and the surgical wound had already scared over.
Which made Levi wonder if he had some kind of enhanced regeneration as well as the… lightning thing.
It was possible that he had it for the first few hours but then lost it.

Weirdly enough that was how these things generally went.
People would start out with simple, strong, straightforward powers.
But then after the first few hours of using them, their abilities would… settle.
They didn't become weaker per say, but they would develop limits and rules that weren't there before. 

Like Eddy for example.
When he was first infected he could move any object with his mind.
But then it was only animal bodies, and after that it was just bones.
Then a thin black crust started growing from his shoulder blades, and he became increasingly violent, and obsessed with eyes, and left things, and-

Levi's heart began to pound with existential dread, but he forced the thoughts down.
He didn't want to change.
He didn't want to go insane.
He didn't want to die.

The lightning cracked around him again, though he paid it no mind by this point.

He had to find something else to think about, to do. 
He had to escape from himself somehow.
So despite the… sensation it caused, Levi forced himself to sit up.

The world swam and he lost track of himself within the tide of maddening wrongness that washed over him.
But he refused to fall back again.
He had been experimenting with little bits of movement before this, and he was convinced that he had to move himself to get over the brain melting weirdness.

It seemed likely that pushing himself too much all at once could kill him, or at least give him a stroke.
But after moving something, and then giving himself time to recover, that same motion would be easier to do the second time, or so he felt.

And that only made sense.
He was adjusting to an entirely new body after all.
It was frankly a pretty traumatizing experience.

Maybe forty minutes after sitting up, Levi's body finally stopped quivering enough for him to feel comfortable attempting to move again.
Not by much though, just enough to clumsily turn his head and look around.

He was in a medium security cell.
The kind that were defined by their thick, windowless, and hollow walls.
Usually they were used for jumpers who's power could be contained through some alternative method, typically by playing against a limitation.

For example, Levi remembered a guy who could provoke fits of intense paranoia in people.
But for whatever reason his power was blocked by vegetation, so they filled the walls to his cell with dry corn kernels.
Which worked, weirdly enough. 
Saving them from having to use one of their preciously limited mana glass cells. 

Levi could only wonder what his walls were full of.
Electrical isolation probably.

As for the interior of his cell, it was pretty standard actually.
It had a place to sit, a bed, an open shower, a toilet, an intentional lack of any kind of privacy, a camera for each corner of the room, and a table.
Well… two of them actually, if you included the operating table that he woke up on.
It was the one odd piece of furniture that didn't match the otherwise standard setup of the room.
Almost as if they just wheeled him in here after operating on him and called it a day. 

Levi was careful in how he moved, but he never once let himself fully relax.
Instead he kept pushing himself, when honestly, he probably shouldn't have bothered.

After all… He was a FVT now, and it was only a matter of time before he completely lost his mind.
Of all the rules that strange matter broke, that was one of the very few that stayed consistent over the fifty years that they had been testing on it. 
No one changed this much physically without some major mental corruption following soon after.

Not every FVT became a bloodthirsty monster of course, but a loss of intelligence or reasoning ability was practically guaranteed.
So perhaps if he was lucky he would still be docile by the end of all this, but that was pretty much all he could really hope for.
Because whatever he became in the end, it wouldn't be him.
And the thought of that terrified him.

Levi held his hands up in front of his face, and looked at them front and back.
They were hands still, you couldn't really call them anything else, but the problem was that they weren't human hands.

Sure they had five fingers and opposable thumbs, but that was where the similarities ended.
For one thing they were covered in the same tiny blue scales that had replaced his skin.
Only the textured pattern got much smaller and more intricate around sensitive areas like his fingers.
Which were all tipped with long, sharp, slightly curved, black claws instead of fingernails. 
Or perhaps they were talons?
Levi didn't really know the difference.

Also his fingers and palms were just shaped differently.
Though not in a way that could easily be described.
It was like the underlying bones were all still the same, but the pieces were not shaped in the exact same way as normal human hands should have been. 

After studying his hands for far too long Levi reached up and touched his face.
The long reptilian snout was the first and most obvious thing.
Like his hands the scales on his face got smaller around the more sensitive bits, especially around his lips.

Inside his mouth he rolled his large flat crocodile like tongue around experimentally.
That alone was a horrifying experience, but something else made him nervous even after the shock wore off.

He had... An awful lot of teeth.
There weren't multiple rows of them or anything, but the elongated size of his jaw meant that he could fit far, far more teeth in his mouth than what he was used to.
And they were all very sharp and pointy.
He had the teeth of a predictor.

Levi felt something on his back slowly rise and fall, but he tried to ignore it.
If he kept bouncing his attention around to everything that demanded it then he would never get anywhere.
So Instead he continued to feel at his head and face.

Oh what he wouldn't give for a mirror right now. 
His room had one of course, right above the sink, but he was in no position to see his reflection in it. 
Not from his spot on the table anyway.

Levi grabbed something at the side of his head.
It was soft and floppy, and there was another one on the other side.
It took him only a second to realize that they were ears.
But there was something… off about them.
Obviously they weren't human ears.
They were about the size of his hands and they could move around like a cat or dog's ears.

But somehow he couldn't figure out what their exact shape was.
They were pointed. 
He was fairly certain about that much.
But there was something else that was throwing him off.

Did he have four ears, or…?
Were his ears ripped somehow? 
They didn't feel hurt or scared or anything, but if he were to judge purely off of what his fingers time him, then that would be his conclusion.

After a while Levi gave up on figuring out his ears.
By this point he was fairly certain that he'd have to have a mirror to better understand what he was feeling.  
Instead he moved his hand back and touched the back of his neck.

The texture was different then the rest of his scales.
There was something there.
Something which felt like tiny almost sharp bumps.
Whatever it was it ran a thin vertical line down his back, and the feeling continued all the way down to his... his tail.

He followed it down with his hand as far as he could without sitting up more, and as he did the bumps got longer until they were full blown spikes.
They weren't anywhere near sharp enough to actually hurt anyone, but they were prickly.
Eventually they got long enough that he could actually grab ahold of one of them, and to his surprise it deformed a bit when he pinched it.

Levi's hands were as shaky and uncoordinated as an infant's.
However his unfamiliar arms were just as strong as they used to be, if not more so.
Once he had a solid grip on the thing it was just a simple matter of pulling it out.
He couldn't manage the quick sharp motions that one would normally use for such a task, so he couldn't really mitigate the pain that was sort of similar to pulling out a couple of hairs at once.

He paused for a second, wondering if this was really a good idea. 
But he wanted to know, and the pain was only pain. 
So heedless of his body's warnings Levi gritted his spiky teeth and pulled, until something gave out and whatever he was holding came loose.

Levi's heart jumped.

That was definitely not a good idea, but like an idiot he did it anyway.
He half expected his finger tips to be covered in blood, when he brought them back into his abnormal field of vision.
But no, as it turns out there was only one tiny little dot of red, less than a drop in fact.
Perched on the very end of a short, hollow, navy blue, quill that was ringed with blueish white stripes.

The thing looked like the backbone of a feather, only without the soft bits at the sides.
It was only about two to three inches long, but Levi had felt that there were even longer ones on his back.
Not covering the whole thing though, they were only in that two to six inch wide line which ran down his neck, back, and tail.
On the opposite side of where he had been cut open and stitched back together.

Right now they were standing a bit on end, as he felt a wet droplet form and trickle down his back from where he plucked the quill.

Levi looked at the tiny miniscule speck of blood that had come with the quill he pulled.
Red blood…
That at least was still the same.

He rolled the quill around in his fingers, but he currently had the fine motor skills of an infant so it only took a few seconds before he accidentally dropped it.
The little blue quill was as light as a feather, but it lacked the fluff that gave feathers their wind resistance.
So it actually fell decently fast before bouncing off of his scared yellow belly.

Where did it go, where did it go? 

Levi's eyes were too far apart.
He had less depth perception in his peripherals, and more than that, he wasn't used to seeing the world like this.
How was he supposed to track an object in motion when he was struggling to even interpret what his eyes were looking at in the first place?

Over the course of maybe half an hour to an hour, Levi rolled himself over a bit and looked over the edge of his table.
All the way down at the floor where the quill had fallen.

It probably wasn't even that far of a drop, but his impaired spatial awareness mixed with his overall feelings of helplessness and anxiety just made that two to four foot drop seem so much more intimidating.

He tried to pull back, but he made the mistake of forgetting about his tail.
It would sway back and forth unless he was paying enough attention to keep it still.
Which was a real pain, because any movement in general was maddening.
Even involuntary movements, like his ears flicking, his chest heaving, his body breathing... 

...or his tail sliding off the edge of the table…

It had gone off the edge many times before of course, but only ever so far.
Now that he had rolled over though, things were different.
A lot more of his body weight was leaning toward the edge already, so when his tail slid off of the edge it had a much harder time pulling itself back up.

And as it turned out his tail was actually pretty heavy…

The more of it that slid off of the table, the more it pulled him down, which in turn pulled more of it off the table.
If he had been thinking about it, or if he was more familiar with his new body, then maybe he could have caught himself sooner and prevented it from happening. 
But he didn't, and by the time he realized what was going on it was too late.

His entire tail had gone off the edge, and it was dragging the rest of his lower body with it, like a coil of rope falling off a countertop.

Levi tried to catch himself and pull his body back up, but his brain was already reeling from the movement, and he had no clue where anything was.
He had lost track of his limbs again, so how was he supposed to grab onto anything? 
He didn't have time to figure this out, it was all happening too fast!
He tried to do something, but without his decades of muscle memory to draw on, he just ended up flailing and thrashing.

Levi fell, and the explosive crash of thunder masked his sharp, animalistic, yelping scream.

In that moment he was terrified, far more than he honestly should have been. 
It was only a two to three foot drop from the table to the floor after all.
He bruised his shoulder against the concrete, but other than that he was fine.

…physically…

Mentally though he was a quivering wreck.
If moving was bad then forcibly being moved was worse.
All of his progress was gone, and he felt like he was back to square one again. 

Levi felt so... disconnected from himself.
Like a puppet with tangled up strings.

His body felt stretched and twisted. 
What position was he in now?
He could feel his arms, his legs, his tail…
They were sending his brain information which it just couldn't interpret.

For all he knew he could have broken every bone in his body.
He could be a mangled bloody mass right now, squashed against the floor and slowly bleeding out.
Or he could be just fine.

That was the most unsettling thing.

He couldn't tell.

Nothing made sense to him anymore.
Thud!

As Levi's muzzle met the ground he was instantly reminded that the word 'ouch!’ had been removed from his reflexive vocabulary and replaced by a sharp animalistic yelping.
Somewhat freaked out by the inhuman sound he tried saying it afterwards, but it just wasn't the same.
Especially because he still couldn't pronounce it to save his life.
”Aurch… ayor… auwrsh... awo…"

Levi rubbed his face as he sat himself upright.
Disgruntled by his failures, he looked up at the table he woke up on and decided that he had to do something else.
He had tried four different times to pull himself back up by grabbing onto it, but they had all ended with him falling again.
It didn't help that the table was on wheels. 

He looked at his bed.
It was much lower to the ground, and much more stable.
He could probably climb onto that with only moderate difficulty.
But then again… did he even want to get on the bed just yet?
It wasn't like he needed to sleep right now, as he had done quite enough of that already.

True, the bed would be a lot more comfortable than the floor.
But Levi didn't need that kind of comfort right now.
And so he temporarily gave up on getting somewhere and devoted the next few hours of his time to the harshly necessary task of simply exploring the strange new body that he had found himself trapped in.

Which mostly consisted of a lot of him poking, touching, and caressing himself in various spots.
Not in a sexual way or anything, it was more of him doing things like stroking his nose or tracing a line down one arm with his claw.
Basically, he was using his tactile senses to help him map out where everything was in his mind. 

In fact Levi wasn't sure if he even had reproductive organs anymore.
If he did then they were housed internally.
Which, needless to say, was something that made him deeply uncomfortable.

Levi’s oddly shaped ears twitched as the door opened with a sudden clatter.
He scooted around so that he could get a better look at whoever it was that entered, but he couldn't see anything through the thick tinted visor of their protective suit. 

And yet Levi recognized him immediately as soon as he spoke.

“Hello.” Lance said in his characteristically nonchalant tone.

“Hy...” Levi replied.
He was probably just a little bit too proud of such a simple syllable.
Or perhaps he was just overly relieved to see another living soul after hours of struggling and frustration.

There was an awkward silence exchanged between the two before Lance briefly glanced up at the ceiling.
"You seem to be a little calmer at least."

Levi followed his friend's gaze and looked up as well.
He saw mostly bare concrete with only a few dancing sparks of blue, instead of the raging tempest that had formed earlier.
The ceiling wasn't the only place where the trails of electricity were jolting around, but at least in this room it was where they tended to coalesce the most.

Lance sighed beneath his protective suit.
"So… How have you been holding up?" he asked.

“Vvot wl.” Levi smacked his lips as if he had a bad taste in his mouth. “Mmnawt willll… mnnnnaaahte… wehll...”

“Not well?” Lance suggested.

Levi blinked a few times before nodding.
He was rather taken aback that Lance could understand what he was trying to say.
He certainly wouldn't have been able to if their roles were reversed.

Lance nodded back. “Well, maybe these will make you feel more like yourself.”

Being sure to stay as far away from Levi as possible, Lance tossed something over to him.

“Thamcks,” was all that Levi managed to say as he retrieved the crumpled up blue jeans.
For the briefest of moments he wondered why there was a massive hole in the back, until he remembered about the long scaly thing trailing behind him.

Levi wriggled around on the floor as he struggled with the frustratingly simple task of dressing himself, and he probably looked simply pathetic doing it.
Though he did eventually get all the right things through all the right holes.

The only problem was that once he finally got them on, he soon realised that he couldn't actually move his legs right in them.
That, and they were a little closer to his scale color then he would have liked.
But he was hardly in a position to be picky about such things.

At the very least it was something...

“Better?” Lance asked, to which Levi answered with a nod. 
“That's good.” he noted solemnly. “You had better hold onto whatever dignity you can while you’re still you enough to care.”

There was a brief but weighty pause before Lance spoke again.
“Anyway the coats want you to hold this rat a while,” he said, stepping forward quickly to place a small cardboard box on the floor before backing up again.

Levi sucked in his breath. 
He knew this test.
It rarely ended well for the rodent.
In fact there was a pretty good chance that it was dead already.
Given that the whole room was still charged with high enough voltages for sparks to visibly arch between random objects or even straight into the air.  

Using his arms, Levi crawled over to the center of the room and opened the box.
To his surprise the small white lab rat inside of it was actually still breathing, albeit slowly.
It wore a tiny grey jacket that undoubtedly housed all manner of monitoring devices, and it was clearly doped up on an extensive cocktail of drugs and sedatives to keep it calm.
The little critter didn't even flinch as he gingerly picked it up with his clumsy black talons.

“Could you back up a bit please?” Lance asked casually, as his hand oh so very subtly gravitated closer to his firearm.

“Keh,” Levi answered as he placed the sleepy rat in the palm of his other hand, and started awkwardly shuffling towards the corner again.

Lance didn't sigh so much as he let his shoulders relax.
Then, once Levi had gotten himself as comfortable as he could be, he regarded his old friend with a piercing interest.

“I have to say that I'm impressed with how long you’ve been able to hold onto your sanity.” Lance noted "To this date you hold the record for the longest amount of time that an FBT has gone without showing signs of 'mental divergence', as the coats call it.”

Levi was clumsily trying to pet the half sleeping Rat, still pleasantly surprised that he hadn't unintentionally electrocuted it yet.
When all of a sudden it dawned on him what Lance had just said and he looked up sharply.

"Hyhhrmm?"
It wasn't a word, and it had more than a bit of animalistic whining mixed into it, but the sound somehow managed to convey his question simply through its questioning tone.

What was he talking about?
Just in his own personal experience working here Levi knew FBTs that had lasted weeks, even a month in one case, before they started slipping.
How could he hold a record for something like that when he had only just woken up like this today?

Lance's eyes widened behind his visor and he stood up just a bit straighter before gradually slouching again.
"Oh…" He spoke very slowly, and his sympathetic tone made Levi feel very much afraid. 

"No one has told you yet..."

Lance cursed under his breath.
Then he sighed and spread out his arms.

"Levi… You've been in a coma for nearly a year now."

Levi's inhuman jaw hung open for a while as he just sat there dumbstruck.
Then he violently jerked backwards, startling the rat for a second.
“Kommeh? Iehzen eh kommah?”

Lance clearly didn't understand what Levi said exactly, but he was able to read the intent behind it.
He nodded solemnly.
“Yeah. After your ‘treatment' you went practically brain dead for the better part of a year.”

Levi almost dropped the rat.
“Mmhargt?” he asked worriedly, trying his best to pronounce his wife's name as clearly as possible. "Mah behaba!? Arrt thay halmrimmnt? wmmn...”

Levi gave up halfway through his sentence.
His clumsy words were losing cohesion fast.

But again Lance just shrugged.
He seemed to have caught the important bits, or maybe he caught the first word and nothing else?
There was always a possibility that he was just guessing off of the tone.
He did know Levi rather well by this point.

Either way, the conversation kept moving in the right direction.
“Margaret took your ‘death’ pretty hard, but she's doing better now.” 
There was a brief pause as Lance awkwardly shifted his weight as well as his tone.
“Also, you have a beautiful baby girl. Her name is Riley… Just thought you should know.” 

“Oh...” Levi leaned back and nodded mildly.
It wasn't that he felt nothing, more that he had hit an emotional equilibrium of sorts, that left him unable to express any of the shock, pride, fear, loss, relief, or concern he was feeling.
Because none of these emotions particularly stood out over the others.

Lance didn't say anything for a while, he just left Levi alone to his thoughts.
Eventually though, he did speak up, his voice softened by the silence that preceded it.
“I'm sorry... But the coats want you to try using your power intentionally now.”

Levi looked down at the poor creature he was holding, and sighed.
He didn't want to hurt the thing, but he also knew that he had to cooperate.
So he put the rat in one hand and held it as far away from his other hand as possible.

Using his free hand he performed his best sorcerer impression and focused intensely on one of the nearby walls.
He was expecting a torrent of electrical energy to shoot forth from his palm, but nothing happened, not even a spark.
It was kind of reassuring actually, and made him feel almost normal for a moment.

But only for a moment. 

Levi brought the half sleeping rat back to the front of his chest and clasped his other hand over it.
He then looked to Lance and shrugged.

It seemed that smiling was still a natural reaction for him.
At least when it came to feelings of relief. 

Lance said nothing but Levi could tell from the way his shoulders dropped that something had just come up.
“I'm sorry about this...” he said, and an instant later he had his firearm drawn and pointed directly at him.

When it came to guns Lance was quicker than the hero of an old western, so Levi didn't even have time to change his expression before the weapon was fired.

A sharp feeling of pain rippled out from Levi’s chest, flooding the room with the harsh blue glow of lightning.

“I'm sorry,” Lance repeated, throwing up his arms and pointing his gun at the sky as if he couldn't aim it back at him in less than a heartbeat.

Levi looked down at where he was hit to see a small metal object about the size and shape of a few quarters stacked on top of each other.
He recognized it as a non lethal stun dart, latched onto his scales by tiny grippers.

“clickclickclick!” it zapped for a few seconds, the sound barely noticeable among the rest of the roaring thunder.
Levi could feel the electricity harmlessly running through him, but it was difficult to tell what was coming from the device and what was just him.
“Hhhhmmm!?” he whined, somehow ending up sounding like an animal begging for food.

“I’m sorry,” Lance said once again, as he holstered his weapon. “They told me to rile you up.”

“Wwhell het wworrrqtte!” Levi chortled bitterly, not even trying to talk coherently.
At first Levi felt hurt and betrayed by Lance’s sudden act of aggression, but that momentary reaction quickly melted into far more lingering feelings of outrage and contempt.

These newer emotions were not directed at Lance however.
Levi had been in his position enough times to know that he really didn't have much of a choice in the matter.

No… His hatred flowed for the corrupt power hungry sadists that ran the Redgate project.
The ones who wrote the checks and supplied a steady stream of fresh meat for this accursed death machine.

And for what? 
Levi had been working here for six long years and he still didn't know what they even hoped to accomplish from all of this horror and suffering.

He felt his claws clench tighter around the rat protectively as his lips quivered ever so slightly away from his teeth.

Strange matter research.

That was the excuse by which they tried to justify their atrocities.
A vague and impossible dream that had cost thousands of innocent people their lives and freedom.

It wasn't even like they were making any progress either.
This place had dozens of the world's brightest minds working together, and they still didn't know anymore than they did fifty years ago.

It was then that Levi noticed his friend standing on the other end of the room.
He hadn't said anything nor could his expression be seen, but still Levi could practically feel the concern slowly building in him.

It took him a moment to realize why.

The stun hadn't worked… It had hardly even phased him!
Which meant that, if Levi did lose it, then Lance would have no other choice but to use live rounds.

Levi swallowed hard as his expression grimaced.
All the anger he felt just moments earlier was swept away by a quiet terror.
One that, strangely enough, did not seem to feed the dying storm around him.

Silently he sat there, finally letting his mind wander down a path that he just couldn't bring himself to confront before.

He had seen firsthand what happened to people when strange matter went out of control.
Normal, healthy, stable people twisted, warped, and altered beyond all recognition.
Their broken minds desperately fighting tooth and nail to maintain any shred of humanity they had left.
Only to inevitably lose themselves, one piece at a time, until there was nothing left but a damaged soulless shell of a monster.

For all the rules that strange matter broke, that was one of the few it held to.
There was no getting away from it… 
Sooner or later he was going to face that same empty twisted half death, which had claimed so many others.

Levi whimpered like a dog, the heavy beating of his heart signaling the static in the room to return in a beautiful show of calming blue light.

“I think that’s enough,” Lance said as he nervously glanced around the room. “Just give me the rat and I’ll be on my way.”

Levi looked at the still slumbering creature in his hands and nodded.
With scared shallow breaths he crawled back to the center of the room and gently placed the rat back into its box.

Lance waited until Levi had settled back into his corner before retrieving the remarkably unharmed animal.
Then he opened the airlock door with a hydraulic hiss.
But before he had a chance to leave Levi called out, “Lamch,” which made him hesitate in the doorway.

“Yeah?” he asked quietly.

Levi looked at him pleadingly as he carefully controlled his words as best as he could. “Prohms meh tat when... eh go… yewhl keel meh beefor eh av eh chenz to hort annehwon.”

Lance stood there silently for a few moments before stepping back into the airlock and saying with a choked voice and a pitying nod, “I promise.”

Levi heard him break out into tears just a moment before the door closed.



=======================================================================



“Maybe it was all just a really bad dream?” Levi mused to his wife Margaret.
She answered him with something kind and reassuring but he couldn't decide on what it was.

They stood there together, lying alone on the grass in their house, talking in silence about the sunless morning sky that seemed to stretch all the way around them.
He was human in his dreams, and as he fell into the sky Levi could feel a gentle breeze flow around his familiar form.

It was so normal, comforting, terrifying, relaxing, heartbreaking…
Levi closed his eyes a couple times to try and see why he was sad.

He wanted to retire, maybe even start a new career on a regular job with his wife and beautiful daughter, whom he had never seen before. 
Hot wet tears ran down his cheeks and he cried not knowing why.

Somewhere far away he felt his tail twitch slightly and he was hit by a sudden wave of frustration.
“No!” he thought loudly. “Things are more real in my dreams.”

Levi ran his fingers through his hair with sudden desperation.
“What am I doing? I need to wake up. I didn't wake up last time, and that's what got me into this mess! I can't slip into another coma or let myself go mad in my sleep. I don't want to be like this forever. I NEED TO WAKE UP!”

Levi slowly cracked his eyes open and groaned.
This was the second time that he had woken up just as he had finally fallen asleep.
He rubbed the top of his snout as he sat up, trying in vain to relieve the pain of his splitting headache.

Levi yawned, it was a horrid experience that made him feel like his head was splitting in half at the jaw from how wide he could open his mouth now.
He tried not to think about it too much and looked around the room.

It was the same as he left it. 
A rather standard medium security cell, barely furnished, void of privacy, and unbearably boring.
But one thing Levi never really considered until now was just how total the silence was. 
It was a maddening, soul crushing quiet that left him feeling very isolated all of a sudden. 

Levi began clicking softly to himself as he nervously stroked one of his strange ears.
They were a bit larger than Levi’s hands, and unlike any animal Levi knew of, they cupped inwards towards his skull.

Near the base of his head each ear split into two parts, a stiff pointed cord that gradually bent downwards, and below that a much broader yet slightly shorter portion that kinda reminded him of sideways goat ears if they were covered in tiny scales instead of fur.

The lower part curved upwards at the end, so if it wasn't for the difference in length one might think that someone had cut large tears shaped holes into each of his ears.

As for the clicking well…
He couldn't say when he started doing it.
It seemed to be an ingrained habit of some kind.
One that he was sure he didn't have before he was changed.

He probably was going to have to try and break it at some point, but for now at least it helped keep him calm.
Besides… He would just start doing it again the moment he wasn't paying attention to it anyway.
Just like his annoying tail swaying actually.

Levi poked his tail with a foot.
It hadn't actually started moving yet, willingly or otherwise, because he had just woken up and his body was still tired.
But that would change soon as he woke up more, and it would get annoying really quickly.

He tried to drift back to sleep again, but it was too late.
His mind was already fully awake, for all that it was groggy and full of cotton.
And since trying to sleep wasn't going to get him anywhere Levi decided to roll out of bed and sit himself upright.

Levi glanced down at the mangled pair of inside out jeans, crumpled up in a small pile beside his bed.
He considered putting them back on, but eventually decided against it.

He had tried so hard to suffer through it and make it work yesterday but…
The hard truth was that the pants didn't fit him.
They were too small, and even if they weren't, they were still designed to conform to human joints.
Where as he… Didn't have that kind of anatomy anymore.

Sure he could force them to fit over him if he tried really hard, but doing so would practically paralyze him from the waist down.
And Levi needed his legs to be free to move right now.
Because he was determined to learn to stand on his own two feet again.
Even if he would unfortunately have to do it naked. 

Levi looked back down at the scrambled ball of cloth as a thought struck him.
He couldn't wear the pants if he wanted to have any hope at standing again.
But that didn't mean that he had to be completely nude.

With clumsy claws Levi tied the legs of the jeans around his waist, and used them as a sort of makeshift loincloth.
By every possible metric it was the single worst piece of clothing ever conceived, but it was at least somewhat better than nothing.

Once that was sorted out Levi got to work trying to think of the best way to approach his task.  
Standing up… that was all he wanted to do today was stand up.
He didn't even need to walk yet, but he was determined to at least be able to stand by the end of the day.

It felt to him like such a pathetically low goal, yet at the same time he was terrified that he might not be able to achieve it. 
After all, his motor skills were practically the same as an infant's.
So the question was, how long would it take him to rebuild his muscle memory?

Levi hesitantly started putting weight onto his strange dinosaur like feet, but it felt more like he was trying to push against the ground than stand up.
Maybe he was overthinking this.
Perhaps the best thing he could do would be to just jump into it and trust his instincts.

So that is exactly what he did.
Or at least... what tried to do anyway.

Levi wasn't sure what had happened.
All he knew was that he was falling.

He tried to catch himself but he had lost track of his limbs again.
There was no time left to regret his mistake.

Levi's elbow hit the floor first, then his face, then everything else.
There was a loud heavy thumping sound as he flopped forward onto the cold hard ground, followed by an unfamiliarly shrill cry of pain.

Slowly he rolled over unto his back and clutched at the side of his elbow with one hand.
He couldn't stop himself from whimpering, first out of pain, then frustration.
Why was this so hard?
Why he was having so much trouble with basic mobility.

The obvious answer was that he was trying to pilot a completely different body then what he was used to.
Why shouldn't it be impossibly difficult?

And yet…

And yet Levi had seen his fair share of poor souls get twisted into new shapes.
Not one of whom had to struggle nearly as hard to learn their new bodies as he was.
Sure some of them were shaky and uncoordinated for a while, but no matter how different they became they always seemed to find their footing extraordinarily quickly.

So why was he still struggling to do something as simple as standing up?
Why didn't he have some form of instinctual ability to conduct himself like the rest of them?
Why was he so... helpless?

It wasn't fair… 

Levi sat up and leaned against his bed, but it was actually pretty uncomfortable from this angle.
So he crawled a few feet over to the wall instead, and supported his back against the concrete. 

It seemed as if he would have to start even smaller.
He couldn't rush this it seemed, he would have to take it slowly.
One thing at a time.

After about five minutes of thorough planning and recovery Levi began his second attempt of the day.
He pressed his back against the hard cinder blocks, and cautiously repositioned his legs until his feet were firmly on the ground beneath him.
Then he slowly, delicately, clumsily began straightening his legs and unbending his knees. 
With his arms stretched out to his sides, and grasping at the wall behind him he started to rise.

Up, up, up.

Until he was at what used to be his full height.
But his strained knees still had a fair bit of bend left in them.
It seemed as if he was quite a bit taller now, but he couldn't let that stop him now.
Slowly, slowly, using the wall for support, he rose.

And then finally he managed to lock his knees.
It… hurt… as if he was straining something… as if his legs weren't meant to be held in such a straight position.
Levi ignored the pain for a moment, because he wanted to savor his triumphant feelings of accomplishment.

He had done it!
With support from the wall yes, but he was still doing it.
He was standing.

…and the pain was getting worse...

That was normal though… right?
It probably wasn't healthy for anyone to lock their knees that hard.
He was just pushing his body too much... that was all… surly…
Reluctantly he relaxed his knees a bit.

And they did indeed feel slightly better.

But they still felt a little bit stained for some reason.
As if this wasn't a natural position for them.

Levi gritted his teeth and relaxed his knees more, and more, and more, and…
It turned out that he had to bend his knees forward a decent bit to be comfortable.
That wasn't to say that he couldn't stand up straight if he had to, but it felt strangely… wrong when he did.

It was like he was craning his neck to look straight upwards.
Sure he could do it without an issue, but it got tiresome and even painful if he held it like that for too long. 

But more distressing then that was another anatomical difference that would most certainly prove to be an even greater challenge to live with.
And that was the simple fact that his new body didn't have heels.

Levi's legs were digitigrade, meaning that the part of his foot that should have been his heel didn't actually touch the ground.
He wasn't sure if that technically made his feet paws or not, but by this point he didn't even want to know. 
Either way, he was stuck with constantly standing on his toes now.
Only somehow he was even more unsteady than that.

His new feet were rather dinosaur like, with three large toes in the front and a single much shorter toe in the back.
He kept trying to put weight on his back toes as a sort of heel substitute, but he was quickly and painfully figuring out that they were more for balance than anything else.
Something which Levi desperately needed.

Sure he was standing, and he hadn't fallen over yet, but that was only because he was leaning against a wall.
A broom could do the same thing he was doing and stay upright.
In fact the broom would probably stay up longer, because it wouldn't keep squirming after you propped it up.

If he was going to learn to stand today, then he had to actually learn to stand.
So he did the only thing that he could, and pushed himself off of the wall.

…

Air rushed past Levi as the world spun ninety degrees around him.
And then his muzzle hit the floor again with a crack of thunder and summoned lightning.

Apparently he had a much longer road ahead of him than he initially thought.

=======================================================================

Of all the things that Levi lacked, determination clearly wasn't one of them.

He had given himself one goal. 
Learn to stand on his own two feet by the end of the day. 
And he had spent several hours of pain and humiliating failure pursuing that stupid aspiration.

Then again… perhaps that wasn't so special.
Maybe anyone would have done the same given the circumstances.
Not or of bravery or grit, but necessity.

He didn't want to keep doing this, in fact he hated it, but what other option did he have?
What else was he supposed to do with his time?
Just lay about all day and passively accept the fact that he was a crippled freak?
You might as well roll over and accept death at that point.

Levi hit the floor for the twenty fourth time with a now familiar animalistic yelping sound.

On the other hand, one could easily argue that it was foolish for him to waste what little time he had left training for a future that he honestly wasn't too thrilled about and probably wasn't going to get anyway.

And yet he still pressed on.
Enduring great physical pain, discomfort, and frustration as he got up and fell down again.
Over and over for what must have been hours or minutes.
He honestly couldn't tell anymore, and he was only just now realizing that there was a distinct lack of clocks or other timekeeping equipment in these cells.
But time passed either way, even if the only thing he had to measure it by were the bruises and scrapes that he had acquired. 

After about the twenty eighth attempt, Levi's body began to tremble again.
It happened about every ten to fifteen minutes of continuous movement that he subjected himself.
Even less if he was hurting himself.

At first he tried to ignore it, but the more he pushed himself the worse the shaking got.
And after nearly giving himself a seizure he reluctantly decided that he had to take a break from moving every now and again.

So with great concentration and effort, Levi pulled himself over to the corner of the room, and leaned his back against the wall.
Then he let himself go limp and stopped moving completely, save for his tail which did it's own thing.

Levi was still having trouble connecting his mind to his body, but the more he practiced the less his current muscle memory seemed to hamper him.
He supposed that meant he was actively forgetting it, but as uncomfortable as that thought made him, he was still perfectly willing to forget how to move a human body if it meant learning how to use the one he was now stuck with.

But of course he couldn't move right now.
He was resting, adjusting.
Waiting for his nervous system to stop spasming.

And so he had to find something else to do to distract himself from breaking down under the horrific reality of the situation.
But what else could he do?

After a few minutes of leaning against the wall and softly clicking to himself, he decided to try talking some more. 

"Yhjist wahmnp too chtanb ahp licct nohmmul. Wy szt jaght cho hhorb?"

No one was there to answer him.
Not that they could have understood a single word of his question anyway.

And the same was probably true about any of the other several hundred sentences and phrases that he attempted during his ever increasingly infrequent brakes.
Levi rubbed at a sore spot on his elbow, as he tried to find a way to recreate the P sound with his weird thin lizard lips.
He had given up on trying to learn each word individually, so instead he chose to practice as many syllables as he could think of.
Once he got all of those down he would, in theory, be able to string them together to make smooth, coherent words, and eventually even sentences.

Though he already practiced a few of the more basic words before shifting over to this newer more experimental method.
Words like yes, no, thank, you, me, hi, bye, maybe, why, don't, know, and a couple of others.

Yet even the few words that he had practiced so extensively weren't exactly… perfect yet.
They were understandable sure, especially when compared to the garbled animal noises that he typically made when trying to talk.
But even when he used his short, short list of heavily practiced words Levi still had… an accent so to speak.
A very thick, unfamiliar, and disturbingly alien accent that no one else in the world had.

Levi was just about to try standing for the eighth time when the sound of a door opening made his ears tilted up slightly.
He lifted his head to look at the other side of the room, then patiently waited to hear the outer door closed and see the inner door open.
Revealing a younger man with short red hair, and a nervous smile.

A wave of anxiety washed over Levi as he realized that Ben was not wearing the heavy protective suit that all of his previous visitors had worn so far.
Instead he wore the black cargo pants, thick blue shirt, navy baseball cap, and dark navy vest that made up the standard DUD personnel uniform.

“Hmm?!” Levi protested wordlessly, while desperately trying to not let himself get too worked up.

“Shhhh shhh, it’s me Ben. You're alright,” Ben reassured him as he approached.
Hesitating for a step he held up what looked like an IV bag of semi opaque water and said “I brought you some breakfast.” 

Levi hadn't even considered it with everything else going on, but he actually was quite hungry, and thirsty even more so.
How long had it been since he last ingested anything?
How long had it been in general?
There was no way for him to measure the passage of time.

But of course all of that seemed somewhat irrelevant right now.
How could Levi think about food when there was a very real chance that he might accidentally kill one of his friends just by worrying too much about the possibility of him accidentally killing one of his friends. “What, ar, you, d-ew-n? I, k-d, h-er-t, you.”

Ben furrowed his eyebrows for a moment then asked “What?”

Levi sighed, then mimed little explosions with his hands “Bzzzziab.” 

Ben still seemed confused for a while before finally catching on to what Levi was trying to say. “Oh the lightning! Well ya see, the coats seem to reckon that your powers don't affect living things like me.”
He smiled as his voice took on a joking quality. “In fact they were so sure of their theory, that they decided to bet my life on it!”

Levi could appreciate his friend’s attempt at humor, but the effect was ruined by the hot wave of outrage that threatened to draw out a growl from his throat.
Though strangely enough, Levi did not feel the need to recite his mantra this time.
Perhaps because his position in the metaphor had shifted, from the person putting out the fire, to the fire itself.

Ben took a step forward but Levi put his hand out to stop him. “er, you, sh-er, you, w-i-l, be, oh-k-ay?”

Ben stopped for a moment to think it over. “Well… They told me that ya hit a rat with enough volts to take down a full grown elephant under normal circumstances. And apparently he scurried away just fine.” 
Then with a confident nod he added, “If that’s true then I got nuttin’ to fear from you.”

Levi didn't know how to feel about this, on the one hand he was worried for Ben, but on the other hand…

He was very hungry…

Ben was not like Lance, he hadn't been around for more than a year or two, and he had never worked for the DUD HQ.
Perhaps that was why he was bold enough to get within striking distance to hand Levi his food directly.

"Here ya go." Ben said, as he handed him the weird bag.

“Thank yew.” Levi replied cautiously, his words complete yet still inhuman sounding.

Ben looked at the bag and shrugged apologetically. 
“I wanted to get ya crackers and cheese, but the coats had you on this stuff while ya were under, and they don't wanna risk changin’ your diet just yet.”

“Hmm.” Levi nodded as he fiddled with the bag, trying to find a way to open it.
After about ten seconds it became clear that the bag was literally just an IV bag. 
It wasn't meant to be drunk from like a water bottle, it was supposed to be hooked up to a machine that drip fed its contents into someone over time.

There probably was a way to use it like a water bottle, but before Levi could find a way to open it properly one of his claws accidentally pierced a hole through the thin plastic.
Immediately it began leaking it's thick sticky goop onto his hands, and onto the floor.
Not wanting to waste it Levi tipped the bag upside down and sloppily poured the… substance into his mouth.

The liquid inside was slightly sweet, but not in a pleasant way.
It was bland, and thick, and gelatinous, and it couldn't decide on whether it wanted to be food or drink.
He probably would have hated it normally, but his body was in desperate need of both food and water.
It still wasn't good though… It wasn't much of anything actually…
Still, it beat dying of dehydration. 

Levi was halfway done with the bag when Ben sat down beside him, his voice suddenly filled with concern.
“What happened here!?” he asked as he placed his hand on Levi’s knee next to a particularly bad scrape, where his scales had been completely scratched off revealing a cut up layer of thin bloody raw grey skin underneath.

Levi winced.
It was the first scale to skin contact that he had felt since the change, and it was kind of freaking him out a little.
Not to mention his fears of accidentally electrocuting the poor kid.
“I… I, t-r-ey-d,  t-ew,  s-t-a-n-d.” Levi confessed.

He seemed confused at first, but then he looked down at the floor and figured it out.
“Well don't!” he demanded in an almost offended tone.
“Or at least wait till we get ya some carpets, or a yoga mat, or something.”

Levi gave him a sad toothless smile, there was something sweet about how protective he was.

“Look,” Ben said as he reached for something in his pocket. “If ya need something to entertain yourself then… Here.”
Ben handed him a reflective black rectangle with a somewhat mischievous grin. 
“Me and some of the boys decided to push the suits to let us get ya one of these. Hopefully it will make things a little easier on ya.”

Levi looked at the device he held with interest.
It was a data pad, like the ones used by pretty much all redgate's employees.
An awkwardly sized iPad used primarily to give and receive information or instruction.

Curiously, he poked the power button and turned the DP on.
And he nearly broke out into invisible tears when he saw the image that flared to life on the screen.
Someone had replaced the plain generic default image for tablet’s wallpaper with a picture of him and Margaret on their wedding day.

Levi clutched at his heart as he looked at the perfect image, the beautiful reminder of what he had lost.
And in that moment he knew for certain that he couldn't cry anymore.
Because if this pain, this heartbreak wasn't enough to draw water from his eyes, then nothing would be.

“I hope ya don't mind...” Ben said with a not entirely confident smile, “But we kinda snooped around yar laptop for, well... pretty much anythin that ya could run on this brick without an internet connection.”

Levi placed the shaky, clawed tip of his index finger against the screen, and gently stroked it to the side.
To his surprise, the device responded by scrolling to a nearly full page of different apps and files.

Levi blinked...
He honestly wasn't expecting his claws to work on the touchscreen.
In fact, he was actually a bit worried that he might have trouble getting it to read his scales as well.
But no… It worked just fine.

In fact, the device responded to him before he even touched the screen all the way.
He wasn't sure if they just made this particular tablet overly sensitive somehow, or if there was something about his new body or powers that easily triggered touch screens.

Honestly it didn't matter either way. 
He would have used his tongue if he had to.
The fact that he could just tap and swipe like a normal person was just a lucky break for him, regardless of how our why that might be.

Levi skimmed through the list of apps that the DP had installed, but one of them in particular caught his eye and he just had to drop everything to immediately open it with a noisy tap.

His room didn't have a mirror in it, or even windows.
In fact, the most reflective things around him were the black fish eyed lenses of the security cameras in each corner.

But who needed a mirror when you had a camera?

The rows of apps closed as the screen went black for a second, then it turned back on showing an image of his weird looking blue chicken paw feet things.
But of course he already knew what those looked like.

Levi took a steadying breath.
He was understandably curious as to what his new face looked like, but he was also… very nervous.
He genuinely didn't want to know, but at the same time, he had to.
So he pressed the button to switch it to the selfie cam, and thus converted the device into a makeshift hand mirror with a slight delay.

His heart jumped as he recoiled away from his would be reflection.
It… He was terrifying and strange, especially his eyes.
They didn't have any whites to them at all.
Instead the parts of his eyes that should have been white were the same dull black, almost dark grey color as his claws.
And contested against this dark background were two large, pale, lightning blue, iris-less pupils, which seemed to catch the light in an overly reflective way.

In relation to the size of his head, his eyes were actually quite big, which in combination with his rounded features, gave him a youthful, almost cute appearance.

His face and head were shaped like a scaley cross between a crocodile and seal, with maybe a bit of snake or ferret mixed in.
Another thing he noticed was that the yellowish stripe that covered his belly also ran up his throat and the underside of his chin.

Levi parted his lips to get a good look at his teeth, and immediately the sharp and deadly canines made him forget all about his more innocuous looking features.

He opened his mouth and gawked at the fleshy reddish inside of his mouth, and his white pointed teeth.
It was a much more natural coloration than the rest of him, and it stood out in sharp contrast to the yellow, black, and various shades of blue.

Levi drank some more of his breakfast from the still dripping bag that he had been holding in his other hand.
He watched his pale yellow throat ripple in a strange and unfamiliar way as he swallowed the last of the thick fluid.
It was fascinating, and disturbing, and he still couldn't come to terms with the fact that it was himself he was looking at.

Logically he knew the reality, but emotionally, he was still in shock.
He didn't look or feel like himself.
So if that was true then what was he?

He felt like a stranger in his own body.
Because… He was.
This wasn't his body.
He couldn't live like this.
How could anyone live like this? 

"Ya done? " Ben asked as he sat up from his seat.
Levi nodded and he casually took the empty bag from him.

Levi was uncomfortable with how comfortable Ben was around him.
He had always been bigger than the kid, but now the difference was far more extreme. 
Even though Ben had clearly put on a few inches since the last time they met, Levi was still a good two and a half feet taller than him now.

Levi shuddered as Ben studied the torn bag right next to him, and barely paid any attention to the potential monster discreetly scooting away from him.
It didn’t matter if the coats were right about his electrical field being harmless.
If he were to snap suddenly and violently, then Ben would almost assuredly get hurt or worse.

Ben smiled sadly as he sat back, oblivious to the dangers.
"I got the rest of my rounds to do, but... I can stay with ya for a little while for I hav to go."
The young man looked at Levi with a sidelong glance of morbid curiosity before softly asking.
"Are you… okay? How does it feel? Does it... hurt? How much do you remember?"

Levi tried to hold it in, but he couldn't stop the tangled mess of emotions in his heart from spilling over.
Now more than ever he needed a shoulder to cry on, but his body didn't shed tears and he refused to get closer to his friend for fear of hurting him.

Ben saw his distress and reached his hand out sympathetically, but he pulled it back as Levi shrinked away from him.
"I'm sorry… I know you can't answer me. It's just that I can't really imagine what ya must be goin' through right now."

Levi felt his diaphragm repeatedly and involuntarily convulse, as if he had a particularly bad case of hiccups.
It was hardly making any sound like hiccups would, but he couldn't breath except in short shallow breaths.
Perhaps this was what crying was for him now.
Just a series of spastic and barely visible muscle contractions. 

Ben sat in silence, trying to think of a way to comfort him.
Then after a few minutes he looked up.
"It's terrifyin' at furst. But once ya get used to it, ya have to admit that it's kinda interestin' to look at."

Levi followed his gaze and saw the lazy blue sparks dancing around the room.
His heart jumped at the sight, and with that anxiety the sparks became more agitated and numerous.
He looked nervously at Ben, terrified by his lack of protective gear.

Ironically Ben himself seemed to be a lot more relaxed with the situation as he watched the little trails of electricity arch between his figures with fascination.
"It's so weird. I can feel it passin' through me, but it doesn't burn or hurt or notin'. It just feels kinda… tingly. Like that feelin' ya get when you've been sittin on your legs too long, except everywhere. Ya know what I mean?"

Levi nodded soberly.
He could feel the static electricity coursing through his body with each labored heartbeat.
In fact he probably felt it to a much greater degree than Ben did, since he was the source of it.

Ben Callbatch leaned his back against the wall and just watched the sparks dance for a bit.
"So are ya… holdin' it back? Or does it only hurt if ya want it too? Do we know if it's even possible for ya to hurt somethin' with it yet? I've seen a few powers like that ya know. Ones that can totally destroy stuff, but can't hurt livin' things for some reason. But of course ya knew that already."

He was mostly talking to himself.
They both knew that Levi wouldn't be able to add anything to the conversation.
"It's funny. I've only been here for two and a half years, but it feels like so much longer to me."

The room fell into silence as the static ever so slowly faded.
It was so gradual that neither of them really noticed at first.
But after a while Ben looked around and smiled.
"The powers out. Guess that means ya must be feeling better then. Hu?"

Levi managed to shrug.
It wasn't so much that he was feeling better, as it was that he couldn't maintain such a high level of anxiety forever.
At some point his heart had to slow down and beat at normal pace again.
And he was already emotionally exhausted from everything else going on in his life.  

“It was nice seein ya again Levi,” Ben said, with relief tinting his voice, “But I gotta be goin now.”

Ben sighed as he watched Levi mess around with the iPad for a while. "I feel sorry fer ya man. Bein' turned into a blue lizard person is bad enough. But havin' to live the rest of your life as a secret prisoner while all your loved ones think ya're dead? That's a new kind of rough. And on top of all that ya can't even complain about it because ya can't talk right."

Levi paused in his typing to look at his friend.
He couldn't really control his face very well, but he had to trust that it would convey some facsimile of the emotions weighing on him.
Then he very slowly and deliberately nodded while making direct eye contact.

Then he quickly finished what he was working on and slid the DP back to Ben, who frowned as he picked it up and looked at the open text document.

Q: Am I holding back?
A: I'm trying. But I don't think my input really matters.

Q: Is it possible for my power to hurt people?
A: I have no clue. But I most certainly hope not.

Q: Does it hurt?
A: I hurt myself from falling. But I'm not inherently in pain.

Q: What do I remember?
A: All of it. Or least most of it. I don't think I've forgotten anything yet. The last thing I remember was passing out during infection.

Q: What is it like?
A: I don't know what words to use. It's too much? Bad? Confusing? Disorienting? Overwhelming? This is your only question that I'm actually speechless on.

PS: Yes it does suck. Thank you for the DP though.

Ben finished reading the short half hazard list that Levi threw together.
Then he looked up and stared at him in teary eyed disbelief.
"It really is you ain't it? Ya really are completely lucid."

Levi managed half a smile and a shrug.
For now…. He thought to himself
But he couldn't share his realistic pessimism through anything other than a grim expression.

Ben looked like he wanted to close the distance between them and pull him into a hug.
But then he saw the expression on Levi's face and he thought better of it.
He looked at the data pad, stood up, and handed it back to him.
"That's good ain't it? I mean it could have been better obviously, but at least ye're still you. Right?"

Levi shot him a short glare then looked away.

Ben faulted, and then gritted his teeth in uncharacteristic anger. 
"Oh come on Mr. Athan, ya could hav died! You did die as far as the world is concerned." 

"Even down here…" His voice cracked as tears filled his eyes "Everyone told me that ya were gone forever. That there was no hope for ya at all. But then months later ya wake up outta nowhere, and by some miracle ye're not a brain dead monster like they said ya'd be."

Ben leaned back and chuckled bitterly "Maybe it's easy for me to say this since I'm not the one wearin' new skin. But if ya ask me. I'd say that ya lucked out on this one. So stop feelin' so gosh darn sorry for yerself and just be glad that ye're still you in the ways that actually matter! Ya'll just have to man up and... get used to everythin' else later..."

Levi blinked in surprise as Ben angrily wiped the tears from his eyes and collected himself.
"I… Really do have to go… There are other jumpers who haven't gotten their food yet, and the suits will have my hide if I spend my entire shift talkin' ta you. Instead of doin' my job."
He took a few steps backwards before pointing at Levi accusingly “Oh also! No more fallin’ over till we get ya somthin’ safe for ya to fall onto, ya’hear?”

Levi gave him a small guilty look, then nodded.

Ben relaxed a bit. “Good. Now... If ya need anythin', then just wave at the cameras with both hands every once in a while. Ya probably won't get someone over right away unless it's an emergency. But the guy on camera duty said that he'd keep an eye out for ya incase ya need somethin'. So just be patient and he'll send someone your way.”

He sat up and cocked his head to the side slightly.
"Speakin' of which. Before I go, Is there anythin' ya want me to get'ya?"

Levi paused as a whole list sprang to mind.

A pair of pants that actually fit him, a text to speech app for his DP, something for him to chew on, some help up to the sink to wash the sticky evaporated whatever it was off of his face, some motivational workout music, music in general, a few backup bottles of drinking water, an electric lightbulb, a book about reptiles...

Levi opened his mouth and then hesitated.
There was no way he would be able to convey all of that within a timely manner.
Even if he cut it down to only the most essential items it would still take a while.
So he just sighed slowly and shook his head. 

Ben gave him an odd look then shrugged. 
"Well if ya think of anythin..." he trailed off as he walked back to the door, only to stop and suddenly spin back around on his perfectly functional heels. “Oh right! I almost forgot. Ryan wanted to know if you’re okay with him stalkin’ your wife with a camera, so as to get ya some more recent pictures of your family.”

Levi’s heart hurt suddenly as he thought about finally getting to see what Riley looked like. 
“Yes,” he said, his voice sad, desperate, and strangely more human than before.

Ben nodded sympathetically. “Alright then... see ya soon.” 
And with that he disappeared behind the door.

Levi felt some of the tension in his body ease up and relax as the door sealed shut.
His friend was finally gone, finally safe behind reinforced walls.
While he stayed behind and listened to the total silence of his cell.

After the first ten seconds he began to feel very much alone.

==============================================================================================

“15% battery life remaining.” 

Somewhere in the back of his throat Levi made a whiney, groaning sound, as he quickly dismissed the pop up warning with a swift tap of his claw.

He had already turned the brightness of his screen down to the absolute minimum that the device would allow, in an attempt to save power.
But after over six hours of continuous use the tablet was finally starting to reach its limits.

Levi continued skimming over the dim pages of notes and diagnoses, trying with only limited success to cut through the overly fancy doctor speak.
From what he could gather, the part of the file he was reading now dealt in observations and theories about his lungs.
Apparently they were very complex and, if he understood things correctly, were also capable of extracting oxygen out of water, as well as air.  

Levi swiped his pointed finger to the side.

The overly wordy text scrolled away and was replaced by a sickening picture of a large, unfamiliar, blue, reptilian, creature, laying comatose on an operating table with its chest split wide open.
Levi’s stomach twisted as he skimmed over the gorey scene.
His strange black ribcage had been almost completely removed in order to expose his vital organs, and although he knew that the operation had been performed almost a year ago, by some of the world's top surgeons, Levi still couldn't help but nervously rub the sides of his chest.

Levi remembered reading about a type of chicken which had black bones, so he supposed that trait wasn't entirely unheard of, but it was still a bit weird knowing that his teeth were the only white parts of his skeleton.
And even then, he didn't know enough about dentistry, or indeed his own body, to be able to tell if it was just the outer enamel that was white.
He didn't know why, but the idea that his teeth were black on the inside was somehow more uncomfortable than if they were just completely black like the rest of his bones.

Levi flicked his eyes back to the corner of the screen to check the remaining power, and quickly picked up his pace, skipping over much larger sections of the document than before.

He was actually a bit surprised when he found out that the DP he had been given had his subject file on it.
The black suits were notoriously touchy about keeping the coats' research secret, so it must have taken some serious string pulling to get him this information.

The white coats concluded their account of the operation with a batch of only slightly less disturbing photos, detailing the methods they used to put him back together.
And then the document began its account of the next surgery.

Levi nervously licked the front of his wide inhuman lips as he read on.
This surgery was focused mostly on his brain, and even though he couldn't understand most of what the scientists were saying, Levi still understood it enough to know that there were differences.
Not just in size, but also in the shape and proportions of his brain. 

Lightning crept back into his small cell, as his breathing became faster, and his heart began to pound.

According to their findings Levi had more development in the parts of his brain that were associated with the processing of sound, smells, and spatial awareness.
However despite these supposed enhancements Levi didn't feel as if his senses were any sharper than normal. 
If anything they were worse than before, but not by much.

Levi checked the remaining power of his tablet again, and at the same time watched as sparks jumped between his fingers.
It seemed kinda ironic, having battery troubles while coursing with electricity. 

For a moment Levi wondered if he could somehow direct the sparks to fill the battery, but he quickly dismissed the idea.
He couldn't control his power, and even if he could he probably would have just ended up frying the thing. 
 
So he continued on, this time being greeted by an unsettling set of pictures graphically depicting his unfamiliar skull being cut open to expose his new brain.
He let the tablet drop flat for a moment as he took a second to steel his nerves, and when he tilted it back up he was met by another warning.

“10% battery life remaining.”

The way Levi saw it, he had two options.
Either he could continue reading on until the tablet's batteries went dead, or he could turn the device off now and save the last bit of power.

The decision didn’t take him long, as Levi was not one to readily exhaust all of his options.
It also helped that he was making the choice while staring at a dim picture of his head being cut open.

Levi carefully placed his tablet off the side of his bed, and promptly sat himself upright.
He sighed as he rubbed the space between his eyes, resting his hand on his snout, and being very mindful not to poke or scratch anything out with his claws.

“Wa im agumna doo?” he asked himself, trying another crack at speaking normally.
Silence answered him, daring him to speak up and drive it away.
“I schpose thissis mey folt... Ey nue tis cowd happem, an I chowsit anhewhahy .”

Levi’s voice became more forceful, more passionate in it’s own garbled, bestial way.
“I dawnno whhat hy thouaght wooghd happen. Tat I wod git all held op, end be ahbl to go whome asf noffin hab chan'ngei? Mabbiy gef sam minher chewferpewher ahhm wev de dell?” Levi bore teeth in an increasingly frustrated grin as his sudden rant dissolved into a chortilling monstrous imitation of a laugh. “Mahhe shoom kyrrnd harrv hearrim! Rryehd mrrohv shrro harrv hehimmm…”

Levi took in several deep steadying breaths as he tried to force himself to relax.
He doubted that he was going to learn anything unless he slowed down and actually tried.
“Or just... someting over than tis.”

A faint crashing sound in a nearby room pricked up Levi’s ears slightly, and he suddenly found himself wondering who his neighboring jumpers were.
Though unfortunately for Levi, there was no way for him to satisfy his curiosity since he just so happened to get stuck in the only type of cell that didn't have windows of some kind or another.

Using the more tedious method of practicing individual syllables, Levi continued working on his speaking abilities.
The slower pace and greater emphasis on control made for a significant difference in his rate of improvement.
However after hours of vocalizing, his throat had become tired, then dry, then sore.

Levi looked at the unimpressive prison sink between his bed and toilet.
He had promised Ben that he wouldn't try standing for now, and he never liked tap water much anyway.

However…

He really did need a drink of water after all that vocalizing.
And his mouth and neck were still covered with…
Well it felt like dried egg whites, but who could say what it was.
The barely edible nutrient drink that they had him on. 

Levi rubbed at his sticky chin as he smacked his dry lips together.
He told Ben that he wouldn't, but this was somewhat necessary, and he didn't want to bother someone else to help him with it. 

Besides….

He still wanted to learn to stand on his own two feet damit! 

Levi slowly dropped out of his bed and then crawled on his belly to the nearby wall.
There he clumsily repositioned his legs beneath him in preparation.
Even while crouching he felt off balance, but at least his head wasn't spinning again. 

He sat there for a while.
Trying to psych himself into continuing with his self imposed physical therapy.
But the scuffed patches of damaged scales on his knees and arms served as a painful reminder of what would happen when he inevitably fell.

Levi hopelessly scrapped a single talon against the cold hard concrete floor and sighed.
He didn't know why he was doing this… 
Why he was so determined to learn how to use his new body.
Chances were that it would take months, or even years, just to be barely competent again.

Time that he knew he did not have.

Yet even as he decided that it was pointless to try, Levi still found himself leaning against the wall and slowly straightening his legs.

It wasn't like he was particularly afraid of heights, but he still felt a growing sense of unease as he lifted himself to his feet.
And as Levi reached his full height he could feel his quills perk up wherever they could, like the fur on the back of a frightened cat.

Levi breathed heavily as his heart began to pound.
He wasn't used to being this tall, or this clumsy, and he was terrified that if he moved he would fall over and hurt himself.
Eventually though he was able to calm his nerves and shift some more of his weight off of the wall and onto his legs.

He felt so awkward and unsteady, especially with his glaring lack of heels.
But he told himself that he had to continue.
He had to stand, no more than that, he had to walk. 

Levi tried to move one leg forward a bit, and then he realized that he messed up somewhere.
He wasn't exactly sure where it was that he made his mistake.
All he knew was that his entire body was rotating in a downwards trajectory.
He tried to correct himself but it was far too late.

He was falling...
And the fact that he knew this was going to happen did little to ease the sting of falling onto concrete.
The fresh bruises were invisible for now, but glaring red and grey scratches in his scales were readily apparent.

Without thinking, Levi's lips instantly peeled away from his teeth and he let out a growl of frustration and pain.
It was a frightening, beastial sound, which rolled seamlessly into a faint whimper.

He wasn't afraid of the sound itself, as he had grown accustomed to all manner of growls, yells, whistles, screams, gargles, yelps, clicks, barks, and hisses in his time working here.
What scared him was the very simple fact that when faced with frustration and pain, his first reaction was to bare his teeth and growl like a dog.

Levi curled into a fetal position on the ground, his still thrashing tail curled in front of him.

This whole time Levi had been operating under the assumption that his mind had remained intact and unchanged.

But what if he was wrong?

What if his instincts had been altered as well as his body?

Would he have reacted like that before? 

Or was it a sign that he was getting worse?

How much of him had changed already? 

Was he really still in control of himself?

Was he even still him?

And if not, then what had he become?

Lightning stained Levi’s vision a pale electric blue as he broke into dry nonexistent tears.
He closed his eyes and wept, his fear drowning out the pain of his bruises.
Eventually though, after who knew how long, the sparks did die down and the choppy sounds of inhuman crying subsided.
Until he was once again left with nothing, but a constant soft clicking sound, and the beating of his own heart.

Ultimately it didn't matter anymore.
There was no way to go back, no hope of preventing what was to come, and no reason to stay where he was.

The only thing he could do... 

Was get up and try again.

So that is exactly what he did.

Up, down, up, down, up, down, rest a moment, then try again.
On and on for hours.

His body ached and bled from countless superficial wounds, but he pushed through it all.
Because he had to do this, he had to learn.

That and…

And some part of him still refused to accept the fact that this was his body. 
Some stupid naive part of him still clung to the idea that maybe, someday, he could get his real body back somehow.
So why would it matter what happened to this one in the meantime? 

And so Levi continued to push himself.

Normally he'd be forced to stop by now, but for whatever reason the uncontrollable trembling had only barely begun.
That and he was also doing a much better job at keeping track of where his body parts were.
He still had his moments of crippling disorientation of course, but less of them.
And he also recovered from his lapses notably quicker than before.

So the only thing stopping him from painting his blue body with patches of ruined scales, was good old fashioned pain.
And pain was nothing to him right now.

He tried and failed, again and again until he was sick with the echoing sting of the abuse.
Even then, the only thing which gave him pause was the… twitches.
The trembling was still coming for him, he could feel it creeping into his bones.
Soon he would have to call it quits, regardless of what he wanted to do or thought he could handle.

Levi didn't want to sit around for potentially hours without cleaning himself first.
His face and chin were still sticky, and he had already put up with it for far too long.
It was just a slight annoyance, but it was driving him mad.

In all honesty, he should have just tried crawling over to the shower and sitting under the water.

But he was angry.

He was frustrated. 

He was so sick and tired of his inability to accomplish the most basic of tasks.

He needed to stand up, and wash his face in the sink like a normal person.
It didn't matter if there was an easier option.
He had to do it this way, he just had to.
Otherwise he would go insane.

Levi realised that he wouldn't be able to walk to the sink.
Not in the amount of time that he had anyway.

If his passing interest in robotics had taught him anything it was that bipedal locomotion was…. complicated...
For all that it came naturally to humans.
And even then, it wasn't like infants learned to walk in a matter of hours either.

So like an infant, Levi crawled up to the sink on his hands and knees. 
Now all he needed to do was stand up without any support from the wall.
And as hard as that would be, standing was still a hundred times easier than walking would be.

He carefully repositioned his legs beneath him, which just felt like crunching on his tiptoes due to his missing heels.
Then, feeling how unsteady he was even doing this, he decided to take the fast approach to standing.
It was almost a jump really, and it would never have been at all stable if he hadn't caught the basin of the sink with his arms.

But he did catch himself.

And then he laughed triumphantly, a horribly inhuman scoffing sound.
He did it, he was standing, he…
It took him a moment to realize his mistake. 

He was standing up yes, and his face was only a couple feet from the faucet.

But…

But how was he going to use it?
How was he supposed to turn the water on?
He was already using both of his hands to steady himself.
And he was certain that he would lose his balance the moment he moved even one arm.

So he just…
Stood there for a minute or two.
Too afraid to risk losing his progress, but unwilling to back down.
He was so close to what he wanted, but he was unable to actually get anything out of it.

Levi wondered if maybe he could turn the knob with teeth somehow, but that really went against the whole point of using the sink in the first place.
He needed to do something, anything, like a normal uninhibited human being would do it.

Which is why he had no choice but to chance it.
He put as much weight as he could on his left arm, and then instantly reached out with his right.
For one singled second his hand touched the knob.

And then a few things happened at once.

The knob turned, a thin stream of water started pouring into the sink, his left arm slipped, he tried to catch his weight with his right arm, he forgot what he was doing with his legs, he reflexively tried to plant his nonexistent heels, and his entire body veered to the right in an attempt to compensate for the sudden lack of support.

Needless to say, Levi had predictably lost control of the situation.

He barely had time to shut his eyes before his skull cracked against the porcelain with a thunderous BANG!

Levi felt a deep sharp pain for about half a second, before the world suddenly went black and everything just stopped all at once.
Levi blinked once… then twice.
Sensation came back to him in a rush as he regained consciousness.

It wasn't like waking up from being asleep.
There was no rapidly receding paralysis of his stiff muscles, and his body wasn't rested at all from the experience.
He wasn't being pulled out of a dream that he didn't remember, and he had no inclination that any time passed at all.

Everything just… started back up.
It was as if he never stopped in the first place.

But then…

He didn't remember hitting the ground after he fell…

And the pool of blood beneath his head was both cold and partially coagulated...

Levi rolled over with a deep throaty groan of pain.
His head was rigging.
No… wait…
It wasn't just his head that was making that noise.
It was the sound of running water.

The sink was still on.

...

He decided that someone else would have to turn it off.
Since he wasn't about to risk smacking his head a second time.
Whoever it was that was watching the cameras had probably noticed the incident by now, so someone was probably being sent over anyway. 

Levi felt at his ringing skull as the pain made his blurry vision dance around.
Despite himself he started whimpering in high pitched tones that mixed with soft rapid clicks.
Inhuman noises which made him uncomfortable and self conscious.

Not allowing himself to slip back down into the black again Levi crawled all the way over to his bed where he left the DP.
He left a bloody trail on the ground as he went, but he couldn't be bothered to think about it now.

He was injured.
Not just roughed up or hurt, but actually, properly, injured.
It might even be life threatening if he had a concussion. 

Levi grabbed his DP with a wince and a whimper, as he thanked his lucky stars that he didn't let the batteries run completely dry.
Desperately he tried to focus as he turned the device on and switched it to the camera so that he could get a look at the part of his head that was bleeding.
He had to turn the brightness back up to really see it properly, but there was a large mangled wound underneath his right eye that stretched from the top of his cheekbone to his temple.

It wasn't a clear gash from one end to the other either.
Some parts of his face were simply bruised, while others were a bloody mess of ruined flesh.
At least it wasn't deep enough for his skull to be visible.

Actually, no… his bones were black now. 
So if the wound really did go that deep then he probably wouldn't be able to tell.
Since the bone would be hidden amidst the wash of dark red blood.  

Levi realised that he had stopped bleeding at some point.
That was… probably good…
He was fairly certain that he hadn't lost enough to have any lasting consequences.
Judging by the amount pooled on the floor and staining his loincloth at least.
Unless his new body couldn't afford to lose as much as his old one could.
Which… was a very real possibility actually…

After a few seconds of checking himself over Levi looked up and waved at one of the cameras. 
As if to tell them that he was alright.
But that didn't stop the medical teams from barging in a minute later.
They had been on their way already, he was certain.  

Gerald Hothorn and another blue vest that Levi didn't recognize both flanked someone who Levi could only assume was a doctor.
They all wore protective rubber suits and as they entered both of the blue vests pointed they're MPFs at him. 

Levi calmly obliged them by putting his hands into the air where they could see them, even though the only dangerous thing about them were his claws.

"Soury aght yoou haghd to com howt hr, bt mygh hhiyd ish bledum."
Levi blubbered through a tired, toothy, half fake smile which faded near instantly as he realized that no one would understand a word of what he just said to them.
He decided to slow down and sound things out carefully, just like he had been practicing. 
"You d-oh-n-t nee-"

No one stopped to listen.

"Tie him up and muzzle him. I don't care how sane he is, I still want him thoroughly restrained before I treat him. But no tranquilizers or drugs. We don't know how those will affect him yet."
A nervous voice instructed, as Hothorn and the other guy reluctantly grabbed Levi's arms and mouth.

Levi harrumphed to himself, but put up with the man handling without complaint.
Their caution towards him was actually somewhat comforting, for all that it was isolating.
He was more upset with himself honestly.
If he had just used the shower instead of…

His head hurt really badly, and the whimpering sounds that it was drawing out of him made him cringe. 
But he had confidence that the teal scrub would be able to patch him up.

"Alright doc, you can take a look at him now."
Called out the vest that Levi didn't recognize.

The teal scrub approached cautiously.
He wasn't wearing any visible piece of the uniform that the scrubs got their nickname from.
Instead he had opted into wearing a fully protective rubber hazard suit, same as the vests.

Behind the tinted visor Levi saw a south eastern looking face frowning back at him, as he inspected his wounds with a flashlight.
"Hm… He has a mild concussion and that injury is going to need stitches. But other than that he seems fine." 

The man began digging around in his bag for some bandages and thread before looking at Levi's chest with disgust.
"Speaking of stitches. Why are those still in him? They should have been taken out months ago. They're going to leave a scar…" He paused. "...probably."

Someone turned off the water.
Levi didn't bother even trying to see who.
He just lay limp and let the scrub do his job.
Not that he could move even if he wanted to.
He was being held down firmly by both cuffs and by the other… the vests.

"Why is he ticking?" The doctor asked nervously as he hesitated to begin patching him up.

Levi blinked.
He had completely forgotten about that.
Once it was brought to his attention he stopped doing it immediately.
But he knew that he would slide back into doing it the moment he stopped thinking about it, just like any other bad habit. 

The scrub seemed consoled by this at least, as he worked up the courage to thread the sharp medical needle into his scales.

Levi felt the hot flashes of pain just below his eye socket, but that was more from the wound itself then the needle.
And the scrub was mercifully quick. 
He completed the task in such little time that he only had to remind Levi to stop clicking twice.

Once he was done he took a small pair of weird medical scissors and cut loose the line of stitching on Levi's chest and around his head.
It wasn't his first time getting stitches removed, but it was still something that made him squeamish.  
The freakish feeling of something foreign being pulled out of you.
In fact it was worse this time since the stitches were so old.
His skin did not want to let go of the thread that it had very nearly fused to.

But after a few dozen minutes of work the scrub finally stood back up with a sigh.
"I think that's it... Tie him down to the bed so that he doesn't hurt himself again. From now on he's not allowed to wonder about unsupervised."

Levi, who had stayed calm through the entire operation, suddenly started in alarm.

They couldn't do that to him!
What was he supposed to do all day?
What if he had to go to the bathroom?!

If he had to remain tied down to his bed like this for hours on end without having anything to do except dwell on the creeping feelings of wrongness in his body then he would go insane for sure.

Anyone would!

This was cruel! 
This was insane! 
This was inhumane! 
This was…

...this was exactly what he would have expected from Redgate...

Levi tried to open his mouth, tried to reason with them, to promise that he wouldn't try anything stupid like that again.
But the muzzle firmly held his snout shut, preventing anything intelligible from escaping his lips.
Not that they would have understood or even cared to hear what he had to say without it.

He struggled against his bindings but it was no use.
He had already let them tie him up.

"Let's also take this operating table out of here too while we are at it."
He shook his head and tisked disdainfully as he grumbled to himself.
"Scientist… Tight as a ship until they get their results. But once they're done they get so sloppy, you wouldn't believe."

Levi watched out the corner of his eye as one of the vests hesitantly grabbed a hold of the table and started wheeling it out at a cautious pace.
The reason for his trepidation became abundantly clear as several threatening jolts of lightning arched from the ceiling to the metal handrails.

He flinched, but only with fear, as his hazard suit did it's job.
But then again, he might have also been perfectly fine without it.
No one was one hundred percent sure how his power worked just yet.
Especially since him being conscious at all was a bit of a new development for them.

Levi whined as they left.
A horrible, defeated, pathetic, inhuman, high pitched sound.
One of the vests spared a glance back at him, but nothing more.

Then they were gone.

...

Levi was alone once again.

…

And as the hours slowly passed the silence crept in to choke his very soul. 

…

…

…

It was so quiet.

…

Maybe that was why he started ticking?

…

To remind himself that time was still passing by.

…

And he didn't have much of it left.

…

…

…

…

…

Was this what death felt like? 

…

…

…

…

Just an eternity of nothing?

…

…

…

…

…

Levi couldn't even begin to guess at the passage of time.
And since he had nothing better to do, he tried to sleep.
As sleeping would save him from the situation for at least a little while, since it would burn off some of the time that he would have otherwise just spent staring at the ceiling.

He was so tired.
He needed to sleep.
He wanted to sleep.

So why was it that he couldn't keep his eyes closed?

=====================================================================
=======================================================================

Levi did actually manage to doze off a couple times.
But he kept waking up abruptly for seemingly no reason.
When he did, his heart would be pounding in his chest and he'd remember feeling afraid for some reason. 
Yet he didn't typically remember why that was.

Nightmares would be the safe bet, as even now he was still working through some serious trauma. 
But there were a couple times where he remembered having pretty average, or even pleasant dreams.
Before being booted out of them and kicked back into the nightmare that was the real world.

Levi's head felt like it was stuffed with cotton right now, and he couldn't think straight.
It turned out that the whole process of falling asleep and waking up over and over again wasn't exactly all that restful.
It just made him feel groggy instead.

In fact, he very nearly didn't hear the door opening despite not having anything else to do or pay attention to.
That was how zoned out he was.
Though it was a lot harder to not hear Ben greeting him by name.

"Hello Levi…"
He sounded disappointed, glad to see him, and pitying all at once.
"Are ya okay? I heard ya hit your head real bad."

Levi didn't respond, as he was too busy obsessing over a small addition to his friends outfit.
Ben wore the same standard blue and black guard uniform as before, except this time he also had a thick pair of black rubber gloves on.

Levi would have thought nothing of it if Ben had visited him in a full protective suit, and although it was unnecessarily risky, he wouldn’t be surprised to see him in a standard uniform either.
But this hybrid made him deeply uncomfortable, as it seemed to imply to him that Ben wanted to just wear the uniform, but for whatever reason, he had decided that the gloves were necessary.

Levi swallowed hard as he thought back to when Ben had touched him.
Had he accidentally shocked him without realizing it?
If he did, then Levi was too preoccupied with his own emotional discomfort to have noticed it at the time.

He thought about simply asking him, but then decided against it.
If Ben had wanted him to know then he would have told him at the time.

Ben picked up a large bundle of something and plopped it down besides the bed before kneeling down and undoing the restraints.

Once he was done Levi sat up and stretched.
It was a blessedly refreshing feeling.
Even if it was slow and sloppy, he was just glad to be able to move at all by this point.

He then looked at the bundle of… Blankets that Ben had brought him.
What were they for?
And where had he even gotten them all from.

Levi nearly asked, but decided it would take too long.
So instead he reached down for his DP, checked it's battery, and then handed it to Ben.
“This, need-s, to be, re-char-ge-ed.”

Ben looked confused and glanced around the room.
"Can't ya just… Oh…" his eyes went wide as he recognized the problem "This room doesn't have any outlets does it?"

Levi shook his head.
It wasn't standard, but a lot of medium security cells lacked power outlets because they were harder to fit into the more complex designs.
He doubted that his cell was all that complex though, which probably meant that the hats just didn't want to deal with the hassle.

Ben sighed as he took the tablet and checked it over “Alright then... in That case we should prolly get ya a second one to use while this one’s out’ah commission.”

Levi quickly nodded in agreement.
But then paused as he remembered what Ben had overlooked.
He couldn't actually use the tablet.
Not so long as it was protocol for him to be restrained when unobserved.

Ben shrugged and slipped the tablet into one of the large pockets on the side of his cargo pants.
"I think what we'll do is we'll get you a stack of those external battery pack things they have for phones, and just rotate those out with your meals. That might be easier."

He nodded to himself, then clapped his hands together energetically.
“Well now that that’s out of the way, I have a surprise for ya.”

Levi gave Ben a quizzical look as he excitedly paced back to the airlock to retrieve one of those IV bags of unsettlingly ambiguous goop, and what looked like a large fall themed tin. 

With a proud smile on his lightly freckled face Ben walked back and sat down beside Levi.
“They wanted me to give ya this.” Ben said dismissively as he handed him the goo bag “But don’t worry, I also brought ya some real food.”
Ben opened the tin to reveal a wide assortment of crackers, meats, and cheeses.

Levi smiled gratefully, “thank you.”
He reached for the tin but Ben quickly pulled it back.
"Ah, ah, ah. First you need to promise me that you won't go hurting yourself again."

Levi blinked in surprise, but Ben's expression was dead serious.
He was… angry? …no… disappointed in him.
He looked at Levi like a stern but loving father might towards an unruly child, despite nearly being half his age.

And Levi… Couldn't help but feel a little embarrassed.

Ben sighed, and said the question again.
This time, framing it in such a way as to make it easier for him to answer.
"Do ya promise that you'll be more careful from now on and that ya won't try any more stupid stunts? Yes or no?"

Levi nearly had to scoff at the idea that simply standing up next to a sink could be considered a stunt.
But then he felt at the stitches below his eye and remembered blacking out.
Had he really become that helpless and pathetic? 

Drew back reluctantly, and thought it over.
Then he looked at Ben and nodded his agreement.

Ben beamed at the response, and practically shoved the tin of crackers into his face with a big dumb grin on his face.

Levi sighed his resignation and then started inspecting the contents of the tin with interest.

He never said as much, but Levi could tell that crackers and cheese were one of Ben’s all time favorite foods.
He would eat them almost every lunch break, and he was well known for sharing them with anyone willing to exchange stories with him.

The smell of toasted grain, and cheap lunch meat wafted up as Levi browsed through the tin, reminding him of better times.
It was a familiar, almost nostalgic sensation that helped temper the fear, uncertainty, alienation, confusion, and paralyzing novelty that plagued him.

Levi greedly gathered up a small stack of about a dozen of his favorite types crackers, and even more slices of cheese, while deliberately avoiding any kind of meat.

It wasn’t that he didn’t like or crave deli meat and sausages, as the exact opposite was true.
It was more that he refused to try them, because he just couldn’t shake this vague and terrifying notion, that doing so might cause him to develop an inhuman taste for flesh.

The notion was stupid he knew, but he once watched an old black and white monster movie where something like that happened and he really didn't want to risk anything.

Satisfied with his selection, Levi clumsily stuffed the whole stack into his mouth.
He was actually a bit surprised at how small the whole bundle seemed.
Sure he was physically larger now, so of course the crackers would seem smaller by comparison, but it was more than just that.

The addition of his snout, and the more animalistic shape his head, also contributed to him having a much larger mouth.
In fact, with how wide his jaws could open, Levi could probably fit a whole watermelon in there if he really wanted to.

Levi rolled the food around in his mouth with his tongue, while awkwardly snapping his teeth up and down.
It was then that he remembered that he had a problem.

All of his teeth were sharp… 

Every... last... one of them...

He had no molars, no flat teeth designed to grind and crush his food.
Which made chewing an incredibly clumsy and bothersome ordeal, like trying to mash potatoes by stabbing them.
Levi had known that this was going to be an issue beforehand, but he had completely forgotten about it until now.

The slightest hint of a dog like whine made it into his voice, as Levi let out a defeated sigh.

“Is somethin’ wrong?” Ben asked worriedly, as he watched Levi roll his head around like a crazy person, trying to find some new trick or method for chewing.

“im, fin.” Levi explained, after eventually breaking his food down enough to swallow.

“Alright then…” Ben said slowly, as he stood up and began spreading the bundle of padding evenly around the room. “But if ya don’t like crackers anymore that’s fine. I get it. Different biology, and all that.”

“No, no... they, er, good.” Levi reassured him, while popping a few more into his mouth to emphasise his point. 

And Levi wasn’t lying. 
Despite his difficulties in eating them, the familiar snacks were still deeply comforting.
The salt in particular seemed especially satisfying for some reason.

“Well, I’m glad I could help make things a little more hospitable for ya.” Ben said with a little bow as he ducked back into the airlock to get a second bundle of yoga mats and bubble wrap.

Levi looked at Ben with a quizzical tilt of his head, as he tried to think of where and how he managed to get so many mismatched pieces of padding.
Ben noticed the gesture and became silently indignant for just a moment.
Then he looked down at the pillow in his hands and chuckled quietly to himself.

“Yeah I know… I should hav’ gotten some of the hats to do this all profesional like.” Ben said, as he tosses the pillow to the side “But the suits have ‘em all working overtime, gettin' everythin’ ready for a new set of high security cells that they’re plannin’ on shippin’ in here soon.”

Ben smiled reassuringly “Once that’s all done Michle and his buddies say that they’d be willin' to completely refurbish the inside of your cell for ya, but until then you’re just gonna hav’ to deal with blankets and bathmats.”

Levi nodded in acknowledgment, as he crushed up some more crackers in his palm, and tossed the crumbs into his mouth.
They were good, but dry, so he tried to quench his thirst by taking a drink from his bag of slush water.

Levi didn’t care much for the mystery drink when he had first tried it, but it seemed especially sterile and fake now.
Probably because he had just gotten a chance to eat some real solid food to compare it to.

It quenched his thirst a little, but its indecisive insistence on trying to be both food and drink at the same time prevented it from doing anything to help his throat. 

Figuring that the slush was more trouble than it was worth Levi Decided to wait for Ben to finnish padding the floor before asking him “K-oud, you, help, me, to, the, s-ing-k?”

Ben paused for a moment to work out the question.
Or maybe he was just hesitating because of recent events.
But he did eventually nod “Uh… Yeah, sure thing.” 

He walked up to the foot of Levi’s bed, his boots making a different sound with every step on the mismatched carpet. 
Then he placed his knuckles on his hips and looked Levi up and down.
Slowly and awkwardly the two of them managed to hash out a nonverbal agreement, as to how they were going to do this.

Ben started by grabbing Levi’s arm and helping him up to his feet.
Once that was done he clumsily transitioned to wrapping his arms around Levi’s waist to help keep him steady.
Levi in turn placed his arm on Ben’s shoulder for support, as they slowly shuffled forward.

Even with his friend's help, Levi was still barely able to stand up straight. 
Fundamentally he knew what he needed to do.
Put his weight on one leg, move his other leg forward, smoothly transfer his weight to it, and repeat.
But just because he knew the fundamentals didn't mean that he could pull off the execution.

“I got ya, I got ya.” Ben said, as his firm grip helped stop Levi from nearly falling over.
Most of Levi’s quills pricked up at the near miss, save for the ones on the back of his waist which were held down by Ben’s arms, and by the substitute loincloth just below that.
But they quickly relaxed with Levi, as he readied himself for the next step.

Bubble wrap popped under Levi’s foot, as his sharp black claws pierced through the thin pink blanket that was layered on top of it.

On one hand, Levi liked having something there to cushion his inevitable falls.
But on the other hand, the fact that the padding wasn’t actually facened to the ground made his footing even more unsteady than before, as sometimes things would slide or shift beneath him.

Levi looked up mid stride to check how close they were to the sink, and instantly regretted it.
Although it wasn’t nearly as bad as when he had first woken up like this, Levi was still having problems with phantom limbs.
And all it took for him to lose track of that tricky separation between real and normal was a quick glance elsewhere.

Levi’s mind reeled as he tried to regain his balance, but it was too late.
He had already lost the context of his body’s position, and there was no way he would be able to regain control of himself before he hit the floor.
But that didn’t stop him from flailing like an angry infant in the attempt.

Ben tried to stop him from going down, but because of Levi’s sudden thrashing and the major size difference between them, there just wasn’t anything he could really do.

Levi spat out a shrill yipping sound as he hit the floor, which was soon followed by a short angry half growl once the shock had worn off.
He wasn’t hurt, as Ben’s help combined with the padding made for a much safer fall, but he was still frustrated with himself for messing up so badly.

“Are ya okay?” Ben asked with concern sharpening his voice.

Levi slowly rolled his head into a confused nod, as he dazedly realigned his mind with his body. “Ye”

Levi’s spastic motions had messed up Ben’s carefully paced padding.
Especially his tail which was still thrashing around, bunching up blankets, and exposing the unforgiving concrete below.

“Sarry.” Levi apologised, feeling bad that he had inadvertently thrown Ben to the ground and pointlessly messed up his work on the floor.

“No, no, that’s fine.” Ben said, as he got back up and offered Levi his hand “Ya just need a bit of time ta get your strength back is all.”

Live nodded, though it wasn’t really an issue of strength.
Despite his thin, sleek, serpentine appearance, and disproportionately narrow shoulders, Levi’s new body actually had quite a bit of muscle on it. 
Far more than he realistically should have had, considering that he had been completely immobile for almost a year.    

Levi reluctantly took his friend's hand, and after a few awkward attempts the two of them eventually managed to get Levi back onto his feet and over to the sink.

“Thank you.” Levi said, as he clumsily moved his hands from Ben’s shoulders to the blessedly stable rim of the sink.
He had a funny feeling that he was going to relearn that phrase much sooner than most others.

Ben turned the water on for him, and made sure it was a good mix of hot and cold before once again wrapping his arms around Levi in a sideways support hug.

After a moment's hesitation Levi put his hands beneath the hissing stream of water, and was immediately struck by just how unbelievably nice it felt.
Sure, anyone would feel better after washing off that sticky, dried egg whites feeling left behind by the nameless slush, but it was more than just that.
It was a strange relaxing feeling, like getting to close one’s eyes after having to keep them open for far too long.

Levi wondered about what could be causing this odd sensation as he washed the stickiness and crumbs off his muzzle.
Perhaps he was releasing a small current of pent up electricity into the water?
That might explain why it felt so soothing to him.

Drops of water clung to his face as he filled his cupped hands, only to comfortably slide down his neck as he lifted his hands up to his lips to drink.
Levi had always been one of those pretentious people who preferred bottled water to tap, but he was so desperate for a drink that he didn’t even mind the taste.
His stomach however, did not seem too settled by it.

For a brief moment Levi wondered if he should try putting that whole water breathing theory to the test, but he quickly dismissed the idea.
He was already overwhelmed as it was, so really the last thing he wanted to do was go through another new experience.
Especially not one like inhaling water, which was probably going to be unpleasant, regardless of whether he could survive off of it or not.

It was at about his third or fourth drink that Levi began to notice something peculiar.
Either he was just imagining it, or the water in his hands was not slipping through his fingers as fast as it should have been.

Suspicious of this observation Levi slowly uncupped his hands, and let most of the water spill out into the sink.
Some of it remained however, and it clung to his scales in a thin sheet above his hands.
Perplext Levi lifted his arms up and let some of the water drizzle down his arms to his elbows.
The only problem was that it didn’t stop there.
He gasped as the little streams of water defied gravity by spiraling up his arms towards his shoulders.

Levi’s eyes went wide and his ears went flat, as he drew his arms back to flick the water off.
But before he could even finish the motion, the liquid seemed to respond to his intentions, and in an instant every drop of water simply fell off of him, as if he were suddenly covered by some kind of waterproof coating.

Levi’s stomach tied itself in knots as he reflexively lurched away from the sink.

Ben had noticed that Levi was upset by something, but he clearly wasn’t prepared for him to suddenly pull away like that.
Still, he stubbornly tried to keep his friend steady, but just as before Levi’s superiore size and strength made that all but impossible.

Lightning arced around them as they fell, its staticy crackle framing their distinctly different cries of surprise. 
Yet the only sound that Levi could hear after they actually hit the ground, was that of Ben screaming out in pain.

An overwhelming feeling of dread and guilt washed over Levi as he came to the nightmarish  conclusion that he must have accidentally electrocuted his friend.
It was a horrible thought that made him physically sick.

Levi starred up hopelessly at the rapidly thickening cloud of electricity that obscured his view of the ceiling.
He tried his absolute best to somehow, will it away, but the storm only grew stronger.
Feeding off of his fear and desperation like some sort of mythological demon.

And then, all of a sudden, the storm began to die down.
Not because of Levi’s frantic attempts to control its power, but because he had just realized what his friend was actually saying.

“Get off get off get off!!!” Ben shouted rapidly, as he pounded his free hand against Levi’s side.
 
Levi blinked a few times before sighing with relief, and rolling off to the side.
It wasn’t that he didn’t feel bad about crushing Ben’s arm, but he was just so thankful that he hadn't actually killed or crippled him.

Ben quickly sat up and began rubbing his arm.
“Thank you.” he said half sarcastically, his voice filled with irritation.
Ben then glanced uncomfortably at the lighting coursing around the room and his tone softened into something a little bit more reassuring “Look, don’t worry about it. Okay? Ya just startled me is all.” 
“My arm’s fine. See?” He added with a soft ingenuine smile. “It probably won’t even bruise.” 

Levi slowly inched away from Ben, and tried his best to sink into the floor.
Justified or not he still felt overwhelmed by guilt and sick with fear.

Ben sighed quietly to himself as he seemed to relax “It’s okay really, I know ya didn't mean to… What even riled ya up in the first place?” 

It took Levi a while to pull himself together and focus on what he felt the most pressing issue of many.
“Ben…” he began weakly “get, me, in, a, man-ah, g-la-ss, box.”

Ben blinked “What? Why?”

Levi whimpered in frustration, he hated not being able to clearly explain things.

Ben flicked his hand dismissively before Levi could even try to reply.
“Never mind, it doesn't matter. Cause we don't have any empty cells right now anyway. Not till the hats are done.”

“Than…” Levi frantically considered the situation “put, me, in a, tr-a-leer.”

“A what?” Ben looked confused “Do ya mean a trailer?”

Levi nodded to which Ben shook his head “No way. Ya know those arn't for liven’ in, and it’s gonna be days for’ they get the new cells installed.”

“Weel haf too...” Levi trailed off.
Ben was right of course, trailers were just boxes for moving subjects after all.
Unlike proper cells they didn't have multiple layers of doors, so there would be no way to safely get anyone or anything in with him until he was moved back into a cell.
However they could make it work by juggling him and another high security jumper in and out of a couple of them.
Sure it would be uncomfortable and massively inconvenient, but at least it would be somewhat safe.

Ben gave him a quizzical look “But why though? Why do ya think you need to be behind mana glass all of a sudden?”

“I...” Levi began, but he couldn't think of any way to articulate his concerns.
At least, not in any way concise enough for him to force into broken words.
Instead he belly crawled back up to the sink, and after a bit of reaching, rubbed his fingertips against the inner rim of the bowl to wick up a few drops of water.

Once that was done he turned around and showed his hands to Ben.

It wasn't hard per say to make the droplets of water crawl up, down, and around his hands, but there was still something clumsy and awkward about it.
Using the strange ability was kind of like moving his ears or tail, in that it was effortless yet at the same time sloppy, unskilled, and alien.

Unsurprisingly it took Ben a little while to figure out what he was even supposed to be looking at, but once he did he became intrigued. “Oh wow… Are ya controlling that?”

Levi nodded.

Ben pointed to one part of Levi’s hand after another “Can ya move it there? What about there? And then here?”

Levi matched each request within a modest margin, although he got the distinct impression that the power would have done its own thing if left uninstructed.
Just like how his tail would sway if he wasn't actively thinking about it.

“Now that is freaky…” Ben shook his head slightly and blinked, as if snapping out from a trance “But I’d hardly say it warrants the use of mana glass.”

Levi made an irritated gurgling sound, in anticipation of all the talking he was about to do.
“Waht, if, I, can, can-toll, peh-pull, by, moo-vin, the, wah-ter, in, th-ier, b-ah-deis? Like, what, Edd-y, does, with, cal-see-um.”

Ben carefully repeated back what he could understand, to help him piece together what was being said “What if you can control people by moving the water in… something.”
He seemed really confused “Like what Eddy does with… um… No that doesn't make any sense.”

Levi’s stomach tied itself in knots as he reminded himself that most of the vests were unfamiliar with the real names of the majority of redgates subjects.
“Yes. Edd-y… you, no... May-row, bay-n?” he clarifide.

“Marrow Bane?” Ben tried “As in... Shocked lookin', bone wizard, tentacle spider boy Marrow Bane?”

Levi nodded.

Ben looked troubled “I'm not quite sure what ya want that jumper for but um… He’s dead, Levi.”

Levi started feeling sick again. 
“How?”

Ben gestured to his shoulders “Ya know those things growin' on his back? Well it turns out that they started cuttin' into his lymphatic system. Which caused the fleshy half of his body to get all filled up with fluid that couldn't get back into his bloodstream.”
He shrugged “Not a pretty way to die, although I’d be lyin’ if I said he didn't deserve it after what he did to Gove and Johnson.”

Ben looked at Levi apologetically “I don't think ya ever met Shay Johnson. She joined shortly before ya... um... ya know.”
He shook his head “Anyway, her and a scrub were sent into Marrow Bane’s cell to try and find out what was wrong with him.”

Ben’s tone went grim “Unfortunately it turned out that the sedative they gave him wasn't strong enough.”
He shuddered, his expression becoming disgusted and haunted “As horrible as it was, Marrow’s death was nothin' when compared to being compressed into a ball and havin' your eyes gouged out by your own kneecaps.”

Levi gagged at the horrific mental image.
Sure he had seen his fair share of gore while working here, but that sounded like an extraordinarily disturbing event.

And to make matters worse, he recognized the name.
Shay Johnson…
She was the military woman who was on standby for his infection.

How long had she lasted before she met her end?
It couldn't have been more than a year.
But that was unfortunately pretty common.

The cold hard truth was that surviving Redgate was its own kind of talent. 
One which most people didn't have, not even the best.
Especially not the best.

The hand picked super talented people like Shay typically had their own sets of skills.
Abilities that they had sharpened through practice, experience, and determination.
And yes… They were very good at their jobs.

But Redgate broke people like that, people who could master their craft and trust in their abilities. 
Because it demanded but one thing above all others.

Pure… Blind… Luck…

It was one of the main reasons why everyone was so uncharacteristically superstitious down here.
Just like the sailors of old, people tried their best to find patterns which might guide them away from an unforeseeable disaster.
Real or imagined, it didn't matter.
They clung to the idea that they could control their fate, that in some small way the rituals and tricks which they employed could somehow keep them safe. 

And who was to say that they were wrong?
They were dealing with literal magic after all, so maybe that sort of thing did help.
Not all of it surly but…
He had to admit that he had seen his fair share of... consequences in his time here.

Big things… Little things.
Oddly uncommon occurrences and general trends.
It wasn't enough to just be good at your job.
You also had to have an eye open for that kind of nonsense.

Or maybe you didn't…

All Levi knew was that Lance had worked as a vest for nearly three times as long as he had.
And he managed to survive, so he must have been doing something right.
Something which Shay apparently didn't. 

Levi felt bad for the people who were killed, but he also felt bad for Eddy himself. 
Not necessarily because of how he died, but because of how he ended up living.

Levi had first met Eddy Bronkowski back when he was just a confused homeless kid.
Apparently he had ran away from his eighth foster home when the DUD found him.
They brought him here, and Levi was assigned to assist the coats in infecting and evaluating him.

Levi remembered looking that panicking child straight in the eyes and telling him “You're going to be okay, I won't let anything bad happen to you.”

It was a memory that tormented him for years to come, as he watched the humanity slip away from Eddy’s mind and body.
Until he eventually became little more than an incredibly powerful, incredibly dangerous, husk of a living being.

Levi gagged again, this time a lot worse than before.
He felt increasingly sick, and not just because of the veritable quagmire of emotions weighing down on him.
Nausea washed over him as he continued to gag over and over again.
Until hot acidic fluid came violently rushing up Levi’s throat, and he threw up all over the floor.

“Oh geez!” Ben backed away in alarm “Are ya alright?”

Levi shook his head frantically before a second stream of vomit came burning up his throat. 

Ben stood up and immediately started talking into his radio “This is enforcer three one eighteen requesting aid at MS cell number six one three.  Project Leviathan appears to have come down with an unknown illness, and requires immediate medical assistance. Please advise, over.”

Ben paced around the room for a while, listening intently to his radio, and occasionally answering questions that Levi couldn't hear. 
In fact Levi could barely hear Ben’s flustered answers with how loud the thunder was getting. 

His body might have been weak, but Levi’s power still seemed to be as strong as ever.
Fed by all the intense fear, displeasure, and pain swelling inside his mind.

“Hey hey hey.” Ben said rapidly to get Levi’s attention “I don't blame ya for bein' freaked out right now, but I need ya to calm down a bit okay?”
He glanced around at the lightning “This stuff is makin' it really hard to talk with the white coats.”

Levi felt like he was dying, so it was probably unlikely that he would be able to calm himself enough to make a difference in the storm.
It wasn't quite as bad as going through chemotherapy, but at least with chemo he was heavily medicated to prevent him from actually throwing up. 

Ben flinched in sympathetic pain as he watched Levi empty his stomach. “Ya know what? Never mind.” 
He then placed his gloved hand on Levi's back reassuringly and said. “Just hang in there as best ya can. I'll talk with the teal scrub when they get here.” 

A painful amount of time passed before the door finally opened.
The first thing to enter the room was a trolly laiden with all manor of emergency medical gear, followed closely by the fully suited woman who was pushing it. 

“Talk to me.” She said before she was even inside the room “Tell me what happened?”
Levi recognized her voice as the vaguely russian woman who ran him through his personnel summary when he first woke up from his coma.

Been gestured down at Levi “I don't know! He was kinda on edge to begin with, but then we got talkin' about people who died, and he just started throwin' up!” 

The woman frowned down at the pool of vomit and asked suspiciously “Has he eaten anything?”

Ben fell dead silent for just a second before forcing the words through his guilt “I may have smuggled him some crackers.”

“What?!” she snapped, more angry than surprised “You can't just go feeding him random things! We don't know what his body can handle yet.”

“Yes mam sorry mam.” Ben said automatically.

The woman sighed begrudgingly “What kind of ingredients were in the crackers, do you know?”

Ben retrieved the red, orange, and gold tin from Levi’s bed and handed it to the woman “None of this stuff is in its original packagin', so your guess is about as good as mine.” 

The woman rummaged her gloved hands through the contents of the highly decorative container while muttering to herself. “Well it could be a wheat allergy, or perhaps he's lactose intolerant and the cheese is what's getting to him. Hmmm… There is always a possibility that the meat is gone bad and it's giving him food poisoning, or… wait...”

The woman looked back at Ben and asked “Are any of these things flavored with garlic?”

Ben shrugged “Maybe? I don't-”

She practically slammed the tin on top of her workstation with clear disgust.
“Do you have any idea how toxic garlic is for most animals!?”

“Oh god, will he be okay?” Ben asked worriedly as the woman searched her trolley for some kind of medicine or another. 

“He’d better. He is the best shot we have at cracking the FBT problem.” She said as she handed Ben a small handful of black capsules. “Get these in him.”

Ben redundantly handed Levi the pills and said gently “Here, take these.”

Levi didn't have trouble swallowing pills before he was all blue and scaley, but recently it seemed like simply learning to swallow without choking on his own saliva was a small accomplishment in and of itself.
So instead of wasting any time with the attempt, Levi just threw the whole lot into his mouth and started ineffectually chewing.
They tasted unnervingly like charcoal, which strangely enough, was a big improvement from what he was expecting them to taste like.

After a few moments Ben approached Levi and asked “How are ya feelin’?”

Before Levi had a chance to say or do anything the woman snapped at Ben.
“You get away from him.” She said sternly “You’ve caused enough trouble.”  

“I’m only tryin' to be helpful.” Ben noted defensively. 

The doctor scoffed “Well your ‘help’ has poisoned one of our most valuable subjects. In fact I think it would be best if you don't handle him from now on.”

Ben looked hurt “But he’s my friend.”

The woman nodded “Yes, and you clearly can't be objective when dealing with him.”

Levi hated seeing Ben get reprimanded like that. 
Sure, he messed up, but it wasn't as if Levi hadn't also been careless and stupid.
After all, it was his choice to eat the crackers when he probably should have known better.
So the way he saw it, he was just as responsible for the outcome as his friend. 

It was as if his agency didn't matter... 
Like he was an animal that couldn't be held reasonable for its actions… 
And that just didn't sit well with him. 

“Ugh…” the woman uttered in disgust as she stepped on a piece of bubble wrap “What is all this stuff doing on the floor?”

“It's padding.” Ben supplied sheepishly.

She sneered “It's a hazard is what it is… Get someone to clean it up.”

“But he can barely stand.” Ben pleaded. 

The woman shrugged “So?”

Ben seemed dumbfounded “So... He needs somethin' soft to land on when he falls, and the hats won't be able to pad this place out until they're done with the new rooms.” 

The woman considered Ben's words for exactly one second before dismissing them. 
"That's why he's supposed to be restrained unless supervised."

“But ya can't tie him up and forget about him. It's cruel!” Ben protested, but she cut him off with a raised finger.

“If it keeps him from bludgeoning himself against the ground, then yes, yes I can... Now go call someone to replace you, I'm taking you off duty for now.”

Ben opened his mouth again, but a quick glare from the woman shut him right up.
After a tense silence he sighed, took a few steps neck, and started glumly typing something on his DP.
Then a bit later someone else showed up to take his place.

As the hours passed, Levi steadily began to feel better physically. 
Emotionally however he still felt foolish, guilty, confused, and afraid of the future.

He tried to convince the woman… Dr. Tasha Debre as the vest called her, to get him behind mana glass until his second power could be better understood, but she just stubbornly ignored him.
That or she just couldn't understand him, which was also a very real possibility.
It didn't matter if Levi’s eyes were open or closed, as the view was always the same.
Just a plain grey concrete ceiling, as well as the scaly blue snout that he had only barely gotten used to looking at. 
In some ways it was almost like being blind.

It had been four days since the incident with Ben, but Levi hadn't seen him since then. 
He figured that he was probably assigned to a new project, which was a bit of a shame really.
Levi could have used some more company, to help keep him from going mad with boredom.

Lance seemed to be the new blue vest of choice when it came to checking up on him every four to six hours. 
Which in some ways was preferable, as he was far more cautious than Ben.
But on the other hand, Levi did miss the young man’s unfounded optimism.

“Can, you, tell, me, how, to, cose… k, low, se… close, the, dor, please?” Levi said to no one.
It was a completely meaningless jumble of words.
Just one of the numerous pointless sentences that were only spoken for the sake of relearning how to talk.

Levi’s throat was painfully dry and soar, but that didn't stop him from speaking. 
Mostly because there was literally nothing else for him to do, except for maybe wiggling his ears around, or trying to conjure lightning with his mind.

It was pretty much a form of torture to be strapped down like that, with no form of social or mental stimulation for such long stretches of time.
But on the bright side, at least he was starting to get over the phantom body sensations which had plagued and confused him.

A fleeting crack of lighting erupted as Levi jumped at the sudden sound of the door opening.
“Lawnce, is, that, you?” Levi asked in his thick inhuman ascent. 
He sounded like a cross between a man who was a deaf from birth, and a sore throated sea lion. 

Lance knew that Levi was abusing his throat, but he also knew that it wasn't something he would be able to talk him out of.
And so the first thing he did was to undo Levi’s head restraints and offer him a bottle of water. “Yeah it’s me again. I take it you weren't able to fall asleep?”

Levi smiled weakly “Naw, I, got, to, sleep. But, I, just, kould, not, stay, a sleep.”

Lance looked at Levi in bewildered fascination.
“How do you do that?” he asked after a moment, as he started undoing the rest of the restraints with quick practiced movements.

“Do… what?” Levi asked uncertainly.

“Talk and click at the same time.” Lance explained “I would imagine it to be a bit... Cumbersome.”

Levi consciously restrained himself from ticking and shrugged “To be on-est I dont realise I'm do ing it haf the tyme... It just coms nat-er-ally to me.” 

Lance barked out a laugh as he unclipped the last buckle “Yeah right. Like any bit of you is natural anymore.” 

“Yeah…” Levi had to agreed, his voice trailing off into a sort of sad purr.

“Come on... Get up.” Lance’s voice became more lively in defiance of Levi’s moping. “The coats will be needing you for a few hours. So I suggest you use the bathroom before we go.”

Levi sat himself upright and took a moment to orientate himself.
It was always confusing for him to look around after having his eyes closed for any stretch of time. 
Admittedly it was astonishing how quickly he was able to acclimate himself to the dizzyingly wide field of view, but in some ways it still didn't seem quite real to him. 

It was like Levi had gotten really good at viewing the world through a distorted pair of novelty glasses, but somewhere in the back of his mind he was still expecting the glasses to eventually come off.

“Wherema goinn?” Levi asked, once everything stopped spinning. 

“The MTL.” Lance said with a dismissive flick of his wrist “The coats want to test the limits of that new power of yours.”

“Finely.” Levi breathed “I was get-ting waried abowt thaht.”

After reacquainting himself with the ever present conundrum of basic mobility, and dealing with a few unfairly challenging basic tasks, Levi crawled his way through the door.
Attached to the airlock was a mana glass trailer, which looked pretty much like a large box on top of wheels.
With a bit of help Levi stumbled up the sort ramp, and into the main body of the trailer.

It had been ages since Levi had seen anything outside his small cell, but the massive foreboding hallways of Redgate remained familiar to him.
Even if they were recolored a mosaic of hues when viewed through the magical crystal walls of the trailer.

Lance signaled the trailer to detach and start moving, once he had moved back into the airlock and all the doors were properly closed.
Then he escorted the slow moving vehicle through the facility, until they arrived at their destination.

“You nervous?” Lance asked as he attached the trailer to one of the many hardly used MTL docks.

“It ohkers to me that I for got too bring my pants…” Levi admitted with a deadpan sigh.
By this point in time he had just gotten used to people seeing him naked.
It wasn't like there much of anything for him to hide most of the time anyway, since his genitals only came out when he was actually aroused.
And more than that, he was just too emotionally drained to bother being ashamed of a body that wasn't even really ***his***.

Lance very nearly cracked a smile “Don't worry about that. They’d just tell you to take them off anyway.”
Before Levi had a chance to ask him why that was, the door opened to reveal Jeff Henderson beckoning him in.

Jeff was a large man. 
He might not have been quite as tall as Levi anymore, but he was still much thicker than him. 
“Hello Athan.” he said more delicately then Levi had ever heard him talk before. “We’ve been waiting for you.”

Jeff offered Levi his hand and helped him out of the trailer.

It didn't take Levi long to figure out that they were in the MTL room designed to hold mass quantities of liquid or semi solid material. 
Basically it was a room with a large fancy swimming pool and a forgettable acronym.
In fact, the basin was actually filed with water this time, which made it look even more like an indoor pool than normal.  

Jeff guided Levi the short distance to the water's edge, and gave him a morbidly fascinated side stare the whole way.
Although it made him feel rather insecure, Levi could understand why Jeff was gawking at him like that. 
Because honestly, he would be doing the same thing if their roles were reversed. 
The only difference being that he would have been a bit more subtle about it. 

“This should be pretty simple.” Jeff said in a tone of voice that was a little closer to his usual gruff way of talking. “Just try an' move as much of this stuff as you can. Don't hold back, and don't be afraid to experiment a little.”

“I undeer stand.” Levi agreed, before taking a deep breath and dipping his feet in the pool.

Just like before, the water felt extremely comfortable against Levi’s scales, even if it was much colder than the surrounding air. 

It was so relaxing that Levi couldn't help but slide more and more of his body into the pool, until more than half of him was submerged.

Oddly enough he wasn't as buoyant as he imagined he would be, although it wasn't like he was going to sink either.

Instead he just sort of floated there in perfect equilibrium, aided by the constant lazy swishing of his tail which had apparently found new purpose in keeping him from drifting one way or the other.  

Levi concentrated on the water around him, only to realize that he was already using his power without even thinking about it.

It was like he could simply cut through the water, or make it push up against him, depending on what his whims were.
He tried to expand his influence by focusing really hard on the water between his hands.
But no matter how hard he tried he could not directly affect anything that wasn't physically touching him. 

After a while he begin to feel somewhat strained in a very minor and selective way.
Like how one might feel after over using a single finger, or after blinking too quickly for too long.

Except for Levi there wasn't exactly a physical muscle that was exhausted.
Well… Not one that he could point to at the very least.

Satisfied that he had tried his best, Levi let himself sink down a bit more.
And as he did his vision suddenly became blurry and distorted. 

Levi pulled himself back up in surprise and blinked a couple of times. 
It took him a moment to realize that he had carelessly let his weirdly positioned eyes get partially submerged.

Oddly, the cold water didn't bother his eyes in the slightest.
In fact, contact with the water felt just as natural and comfortable as his own eyelids.

Intrigued by this revelation Levi took in a deep breath of air before fully diving underwater.

And as his head sank below the water's surface, Levi was filed with an overwhelming sense of awareness.
He could see just fine, maybe better than on land even.
But if he really wanted to, he could close his eyes and he would still be able to find his way around with ease. 

Levi didn't know how exactly, but he just knew where everything was.
It was kinda like how you can tell when something is moving close by your skin, even if it doesn't actually touch you.

Only for him the sensation was so sharp and distinct that he could literally feel every unused groove in the floor, which they sometimes slotted dividing barriers into.

Not only that, but whatever this sixth sense was, it gave him unimaginably good depth perception.
Which was something he had been sorely lacking ever since his eyes were moved farther apart from each other.

Levi began swimming around the pool. 
He didn't think about it, he didn't have to learn how, he just… started moving.
It was almost frightening how normal it felt to him, as if he had been doing it his whole life.

To be fair Levi had taken swimming lessons as a part of his basic training, but this was nothing like what he had been taught.
Instead of stroking his arms and legs in wide up and down motions, Levi swam more like an eel or an alligator, by waving his entire body from nose to tail in a constantly repeating side to side motion.  

Levi was honestly surprised by how quickly he had moved from one end of the pool to another.
It was so effortless, and freeing, and he felt so in control.
He almost didn't want to surface for a fresh breath of air. 

“You okay in there?” Jeff asked from the sidelines.

“Better!” Levi answered with a wide grin.
It had been ages since he had felt this kind of genuine joy and excitement. 

Eager to get back in the water Levi took in as deep a breath as he could, and dived down till his nose taped the floor.
Then he began swimming from one end of the pool to another, while increasing his speed with each lap.

Eventually he got to a point where he couldn't swim any faster, not because he had reached his limits, but because the massive pool was too small for him to fully accelerate in.

It was actually rather frightening moving at such unnatural speeds, but it was also rather exhilarating. 
Or at least it was... Until he accidently started stopping too late, and ended up slamming himself against the wall.

Partially dazed by the impact, Levi reflexively pulled away from the wall and yelped in surprised. 
Which only made the situation worse as it let the surrounding water start pouring into his lungs.

Immediately he began to choke and cough uncontrollably, which only served to fill his lungs even more. 

Suddenly panicked Levi tried his best to rush back up to the surface to get some air, but his head was still ringing and the unnatural awareness that he had felt just moments before had been replaced by confusion and fear.

In his desperation Levi couldn't figure out what direction was up, and soon he found himself pressing his entire body against either the floor or wall of the pool.
Levi frantically wiggled around gasping for air, but strangely enough each desperate breath of water seemed to be less uncomfortable than the last. 
Then the suffocating feelings of oxygen deprivation begin to slowly dissipate, allowing Levi to calm down and recover his senses.

The water was slightly more difficult to move in and out of his lungs than air, but strangely enough, this didn't make breathing any harder for him, as Levi found himself naturally breathing slower and holding his breaths in for longer periods of time. 
The water in his lungs also reduced his buoyancy, causing him to gently sink to the floor instead of hovering where he was. 

Levi found himself lying motionless on his back for a while as he blinked up at the shimmering curtain of the water's surface.
He was still pretty shaken up by what happened and his head throbbed with pain.
Yet he still had to admit that the beautiful refraction of light was extremely relaxing to watch. 
In fact if circumstances were different then he might even want to fall asleep down there.

Slowly but surely the ringing in his ears stopped and Levi was soon able to sense the world around him again.
It was then that he realized what he was doing. 

He was clicking.

Without even thinking about it, Levi was sending waves of sound into the surrounding water, and some unconscious part of his brain was listening closely for the echo.
That was what was drawing the map in his head, that was why he knew where everything was. 

He was echolocating!

It was an exciting revelation, though he didn't need superhuman hearing to notice the loud splash of something large and heavy hitting the water. 
Levi closed his eyes as Jeff swam towards him.
He could practically see his presence just by listening to the way the disturbed water rippled away from the large man. 

Then Levi sat up to watch his friend frantically swim over with the methodical speed of a professional lifeguard.
Behind him he dragged along a plain yellow life preserver, which reminded Levi that Jeff didn't know he could breath down here. 
Well not for sure anyway. 

“mmmmmn nhhiii!” Levi tried to say, but being underwater made it impossible to talk.

Not wanting Jeff to worry, Levi pushed his knees and tail against the ground to quickly ascend.
It didn't take him long to reach the water's surface, as the pool wasn't particularly deep where he was.
In fact if he just stood up then his head would probably be above water. 

Levi was about to repeat what he had just failed to say, but as soon as he inhaled the harsh air he started coughing violently.
It seemed that transitioning his lungs from water to air was just about as shocking to his system as going from air to water. 

“I gotcha.” Jeff said as he helped Levi onto the lifesaver.
There he stayed by his side, gently patting his back until he stopped coughing.

“That, was, aww-some.” Levi wheezed through the widest grin of pointy teeth. 

Jeff futilely scratched the back of his neck, or more accurately, he scratched at the protective rubber suit he was wearing “Really? Cause I think I just saved your life.”

Levi shook his head “Mnaaaw… I, just, hit, miy, hed, is awll.”

“... You could have drowned.” Jeff argued.

Levi shook his head again as his smile winded even further “Nope! I, can, breth, down, dar.”

“Really?” Jeff asked almost skeptically. “Well that outta grab the coats attention…” 

Levi thought about informing him that the coats probably already knew, or at least highly suspected it, but he decided that it wasn't worth the words. 

“Still, I think we should call this off for now.” Jeff said as he tried to paddle the life preserver to the edge of the would be pool.

Levi’s grin evaporated and his ears started drooping somewhat.
“Why?” he asked as pulled against Jeff's swimming with a few, only partially intentional, flicks of his tail. 

“Because this was supposed to be a test about moving the water. Not huffing it... or swimming in it.” Jeff explained, as he grew increasingly frustrated with Levi for keeping them stationary. 

“Fighv, moor, min-nuts?” Levi pleaded.
 
Jeff grumbled something about demon puppy dog eyes before saying “Look. I'm going to swim this thing back whether you’re on it or not. But if you’re not ready to go by the time I get it hung up then I'm calling for backup to do some impromptu bullet fishing.”

Levi acknowledged him with a nod and a grin before breaking away from the flotation device to enjoy the simple luxury of being able to move around freely for just a little bit longer. 

He decided to just hold his breath this time. 
Sure he could breathe either air or water with equal efficacy and comfort, but a mixture of the two seemed borderline harmful. 
And the small amount of time he had left was not worth the pains of swapping his lung contents around again.

Still… That didn't stop Levi from circling the tank almost half a dozen times before Jeff made it to the water's edge. 
Honestly, it was almost terrifying how fast he could move.
Even when holding back enough to leave a sufficient stopping buffer.

“Come on Levi!” Jeff called impatiently as he finished patting himself dry with a towel. “Don't make me draw my MPF.”

Levi knew that Jeff was just the sort of person to throw empty threats around, so he wasn’t too worried about getting shot at.
However, he still didn't want to keep him waiting so he started heaving back.

Levi swam in extremely wide back and forth motions, yet despite his rather indirect path it still took him only a few seconds to reach the edge of the pool.
With great effort he hosted himself up out of the water, and onto the shiny rainbow floor where Jeff was waiting for him. 

All at once the world stopped making sense again, and he suddenly felt very, very, heavy.
“I, can, go, bac, and, do, that, again, some-tyme… rite?” Levi asked while lying flat on his back and staring up at the ceiling.  

“Let's go.” Jeff said softly, revealing a stubble scratchiness to his voice that just couldn't be heard in his regularly harsh way of speaking. 
Apparently he didn't know the answer to that question either.

Levi couldn't quite come to grips with his immobility after experiencing the freedom of the water.
He knew that he could stand, his body was clearly capable of it.
The only problem was that he just didn't know how to yet.

It was frustrating, it was humiliating, and above all it was inconvenient.
However, as much as he hated having to crawl around on his belly like some kind of animal, he was still grateful that he could move at all. 

The next set of tests were far less enjoyable than the last, but were admittedly just as informative.

For one thing the coats were able to determine that Levi’s, “Aqua Field” as they decided to call it, only extended out a few centimeters from his skin.
Except for between his fingers and toes, around his skull, and down the length of his tail, where the aqua field got as much as twice as thick. 

It was also determined that field's width did not increase with practice. 
And although he could manipulate water at much greater levels of impurity than expected, it was still concluded that he would likely never be able to manipulate something as dense as flesh or even blood.

This was comforting news for everyone, especially Levi. 

The last thing they tested, or at least the last thing he remembered them testing, was tranquilizer delivery methods and dosages. 
He couldn't remember how those tests ended, which probably meant that they went rather well all things considered. 

NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN

There was no floor, there was no ceiling, and there were no walls.
Levi felt weightless as he floated silently within the seemingly infinite expanse that he had somehow found himself in. 
The water was dark and empty, save for a poorly imagined light source which surrounded him yet somehow didn't illuminate anything but his naked blue body.

“This feels like a dream.” Levi mused while peering out into the black. 
“But it can't be…” he reasoned “I’m human in my dreams.” 

Reassured that the empty black world around him was indeed real, Levi began diving deeper down into the depths.
He knew that he should have been frightened, but just couldn't bring himself to care about the apparent danger of being lost and alone in an unfamiliar world. 

Unable to see a thing Levi decided to close his eyes and focus on feeling his surroundings through echolocation.
He envisioned himself descending upon the most stereotypically beautiful coral reef that he had ever seen in a nature documentary. 

Sunlight glistened down from the water's surface, projecting it's dancing patterns onto fine white sand.
Colorful fish swam around in many small, but hauntingly organized, schools.
And acting as the backdrop to everything was the coral itself, stacked in the imitation of small irregularly shaped mountain cliffs.

As Levi swam through this stunning landscape he became increasingly aware of something strange.
It seemed to him as if the exact same patch of reef repeated itself again and again.
Expanding outwards in all directions, like an endless pattern of irregularly shaped tiles. 

This wasn't too much of a problem when looking at the landscape up close, but the father out he swam, the less it looked like a real place.
Until all he could see it as was a giant sheet of mass produced coral print fabric. 

Bothered by its regularity, Levi mentally brushed away a large swath of the coral forest.
Replacing them with small dunes of soft wave beaten sand, stretching all the way up to the horizon line.
It still looked overly symmetrical when seen from afar, but at least it was a little more varied now.

Longing to swim some more Levi dove down to the seafloor, catching a helpless salmon with his teeth on the way down.
He didn't bother steadying the fish with his hands.
Instead he just inched it down his throat like a snake and swallowed it whole.
It tasted delicious, even though it was raw and unseasoned, and he couldn't taste anything.

Once he was done eating Levi curled up into a ball, and partly buried himself in the sand.
It was warm and comfortable, and it made him feel safe, though not too safe.
He felt like a wild animal, and he loved every second of it with a burning passion.

He wanted to sleep beneath the waves, he wanted to hunt for his food, and he wanted to swim like a mythological sea serpent!
Basically he wanted to live underwater, and just forget he was ever human.

Levi gave out a frustrated little grunt.

He was already doing all those things...
So why did he still want them so bad?
Shouldn't those desires be satisfied already?

Levi tried to fall asleep, but he just couldn't do it.
And It took him a while to understand why.

He was already dreaming.

Levi was never the sort of person who could pull off lucid dreaming.
Even before he had unaddressed sleep phobias, he would always wake up the moment he figured out that he was asleep. 
This time was no exception, even if he did come out of it slower than normal.

The first thing he noticed as he came to was that his room smelled different.
It was a chemically smell, like a new car or piece of furniture. 

He was lying down on his side unceremoniously, so he could only blink open one eye.
The light was blinding, and Levi soon realized that he had a splitting headache from whatever drugs they pumped into him. 

Through the blurry haze he could see that his surroundings were comprised of mostly offwhite and dark red colors, instead of the aggressively dull grey that he was used to. 

Levi sat up and his vision cleared up a bit.
He was able to see that his room had been redesigned with white padded walls, and a cherry colored floor that felt like a leather couch cushion.
There were also several sets of training bars placed around the room for him to hold onto when in need of support.

Levi nearly broke out into dry tears of gratitude, because he knew that this meant he wouldn't have to be strapped down anymore. 
He would once again be allowed to roam around his cell and could return to working towards learning how to walk again. 

Levi looked up at the camera in the corner of the ceiling and waved.
“Im, a-wake.” he chirped cheerfully, but his good mood was quickly pushed aside by a question that had just started to bother him. 

Why was his room refurbished?
The yellow hats were supposed to be busy for another few days on the new high security cells.
So when did they find the time to do all this?

Levi had no clue how long it had been since he lost consciousness, which was an unnerving, yet unfortunately familiar feeling.
And he just knew that this was going to make his sleep phobias a whole lot worse than they already were. 

Levi obsessively checked himself over just to make sure that he hadn't physically changed since the last time he slept.
Thankfully though, he was still the same lanky blue lizard as before, and not some entirely new monstrosity.
He didn't think he could handle any more change at this point.

After he had finally finished shaking the fog from his mind, Levi noticed that his new room had a power outlet.
And plugged into that outlet was a charging cable, which was in turn plugged into the Data Pad  that had been confiscated from him after the garlic incident.

The padding on the floor made belly crawling over to the outlet a lot less uncomfortable than it would have been.
Though in an emotional sense, Levi still found it to be painfully undignified.

With a few swift yet clumsy motions of his claws Levi awoke the sleeping DP, revealing a blessedly familiar photograph of a dark skinned woman in a white dress, kissing a comparatively tall man in a rented tuxedo on their wedding day.
The beautiful scene was somewhat obscured by several icons placed over the image, but Levi knew it well enough that his mind could easily fill in the blanks.

Levi swiped through the pages of apps, browsing what was there.
He was pretty sure they had added a few new games and things since the last time he had this.
Though one sizable collection of secret documents was notably missing. 

Levi sighed.
It was a shame really, he had wanted to reread more of the [Subject: Leviathan] files.
But it looked like someone higher up had decided that it was a bad idea to share secrets with him. 
Even though those secrets directly pertained to him and the functionality of his body. 

Levi growled something meaningless under his breath.
He really didn't understand the way the black suits thought.
On one hand they were paranoid beyond all reason, willing to sacrifice anyone and anything upon the probably metaphorical altar of secrecy.

Yet on the other hand they could be cartoonishly ridiculous when it came to buttering everything they touched in a thick layer of cryptic messages, unnecessary clues, hidden meaning, and lots and lots of pointless wordplay.

He had heard it claimed that the person who picked out the code names for the various subjects of redgate, was never told who they were or what they could do.
And yet despite that, they still somehow managed to pick impossibly applicable names for most everyone.

Levi shook his head.
There was no way that was true.
Even if it was, the suits would undoubtedly just ignore the random approach and deliberately name them things that didn't match. 

No… this was intentional. 
They definitely wanted their puns and references.

His own project name was Leviathan, for pity's sake.
Not only was it a mythological sea monster, but it was also his actual, real, full name just smushed together.
There was no way in hell that name was picked for him at random.

Levi looked through the DP and sighed.
Since he didn't have his overly wordy and hard to understand wall of text to browse through, he decided to instead browse through the rest of the apps, looking for new ones.

There was one which was a rather fancy looking art program with enough features to make using it seem more complicated than flying an airplane.
Levi was never much of an artist, but he didn't have much else to do so he gave it a try.
He made one overtly misshapen stick figure that looked like something a five year old would be embarrassed about.
Then he closed the app and very nearly uninstalled it out of sheer frustration.
He hated being so inept at everything.

Next he spotted a trading card game that he used to play on his laptop.
At first it seemed promising, but he quickly realized that it just wasn’t any fun without an internet connection.
Sure he could still play it offline, but only against the brain dead AI, and not against real people.
He couldn't even unlock any new cards, which really took all the excitement out of the game.

So he closed that one too, and instead opened the camera app.
He wanted to use the tablet as a makeshift mirror, as he had done before, but he soon realized that something was wrong. 

The app opened just fine, it even made a clicking sound when he tapped the digitally provided button.
But the actual image remained pitch black no matter where he pointed the camera.

Levi checked the lens to make sure that there wasn't a piece of tape on it or something, but no.
He was no photographer or anything, but as far as he could tell it looked just fine.

With a huff he decided to check out the photo gallery to see if the picture he took still showed up as straight black over there.
It did, but the moment he saw the reel of images that had been saved to his device he immediately forgot about his malfunctioning camera problem.

Because there were pictures of Margaret… 

New pictures of Margaret...

Ones that he had never seen before...

She was sitting by a table at one of the outdoor cafes that the two of them used to frequent. 
She was holding a coffee cup in both her hands, as she diligently studied some kind of forum or magazine that was laying flat on the table. 
She looked troubled, or maybe just tired?
It was kinda hard to tell, as the picture had been taken from quite a ways away. 
Perhaps even from the other side of the street. 

Levi’s heart skipped a beat as his eyes were drawn to the chair next to her.
It was taller and thinner than the rest of the chairs, with its own small lip of counter space.
He could tell it was much too small for a regular person, but it looked just about right for a…

Levi hurriedly skimmed through the photos, looking for one with a better view of the angelic little dark skinned baby girl who was sitting next to her mother, and staring at the world with wide eyes wonder.

Dry tears choked his breath away as all at once his daughter, Riley, was made real to him. 
The comforting and agonizing barrier of his imagination was gone now.
Because that was her. 
That was his little girl.
A tiny angel with thin wisps of the curly black hair that he had lost, and a look of pure curious amazement that could only ever be seen in the eyes of an infant.

Levi started shaking.
He needed to get up, he needed to escape, he needed to find his way to his daughter, he needed to be there for her, he needed to explain to her why he wasn't there, he needed to tell her that he… he needed to…

A slightly opened mouth, coupled with an odd and distinctive hissing sound.
That was the involuntary response that had replaced crying for him.
And he was absolutely quivering.

All at once the cruel truth crashed into him once again.
He was never going to be a father, not even from a distance.
Because as far his family knew, he was dead.
And honestly, was that even a lie anymore?

His life was gone.
Stolen from him before it could even begin.
Now he was just a ghost trapped on the other side of a screen, without any way to interact with the ones he loved so dearly.

All of the nervous energy that had been running through him, slowly gave way to despair.
And a great crushing sense of depression, worse than anything he had ever felt before, washed over him like an avalanche.

Levi slumped against the wall, his eyes glazed over unfocused and unblinking.
He had stopped shaking, in fact, he wasn't moving at all. 
Even his obnoxious tail had ceased its constant lazy swaying.

His heart still beat rapidly, but his breathing had stopped.
He just didn't see the point in it anymore.

Levi didn't know how long he lay there, deathly still and empty hearted.
To him it felt like an eternity, but he knew that he couldn't abstain from air for that long, so it must have been something shorter.
Either way, the raw instinct to breathe did eventually get to him.
Though he didn't gasp for the precious air he so desperately needed.
Instead he inhaled normally.
Slow, quite, uncaring.

He didn't care if he died, he didn't care if he lived.
There was no point to any of it anymore.
There was nothing left for him.

Levi slowly closed his eyes. 
It wasn't that he had to blink, it was more that he just needed a moment to clear his head, and pull himself away from his grief.

In that forced moment of dispassionate introspection Levi realized that he was slipping deeper into despair than he needed to.
He thought about all the reasons he had to keep going on, and pulled them to the forefront of his thoughts.
Not least among them was the fact that there were still more pictures of his family that he wanted to look at. 

“Rye lie.” Levi breathed solemnly.
He had absolutely butchered her name, though that was to be expected of course.
Still, he felt compelled to try again… repeatedly... until he got it right.
He owed her that at the very least.

As Levi scrolled through the gallery of pictures, he noticed that one of the plain black ones was not quite like the others.
For one thing it wasn't entirely black, there was indeed a little bit of light shining in from one of the corners of the image.
It also had a much older timestamp than the ones he had taken. 
In fact it appeared as if it had been taken at about the same time as the pictures of his wife and daughter.

Levi’s ears perked up a little as he realized that the strange blank image was not a photograph at all, but was actually the start to a video.
With great curiosity he tapped the simple play button, and the dark image began to shift around slightly.

The first few seconds of the video were somewhat hard to interpret. 
There was some kind of a vague motion going on repetitively, but it was obscured behind a dark shape that was pressed up against the camera.

Levi turned the volume up to max and strained his counterproductively shaped ears to hear the heavily muffled sounds of thin traffic, and cloth being rubbed against the microphone.

“Good afternoon miss Athan.” the familiar but muffled voice blasted out from the device, making Levi flinch and immediately turn the sound back down a few notches.
“You might remember me, I'm Ryan Weatherfall. I am… was ...a friend of your husband's.”

Margaret’s voice was muffled and distant, even more so than Ryan’s.
“What? Oh yeah, I remember you from the funeral. How have you been?”
She sounded older… like it had somehow been a lot longer than a year since he last heard her.
She also sounded stressed.

Just what exactly had she been reading in those earlier pictures? Levi wondered. 
He thought about checking back to see, but decided to let the video continue playing instead.

Ryan might have shrugged. 
“You know… same old, same old.”

Margaret nearly chuckled humorlessly “I see... Though things following the routine isn't really a positive in your line of work is it?”

There was a long tense silence before Margaret spoke up again. 
“Oh relax. I don't know anything.”

“I'm sorry.” Ryan said with quiet honesty “I’d tell you the details but…”

“But then you’d have to kill me. I get it.” Margaret interjected sarcastically and bitterly.
“This isn't my first time around that block you know.”

“I'm sorry.” Ryan repeated.

Margaret eased up a little and sighed “It doesn't matter now anyway. Knowing what happened won't bring him back. Besides... Levi made me promise him that I wouldn't go looking for answers if he died.”
She breathed in harshly several times as she stubbornly fought back encroaching tears.
“Even at the end, he thought it was best that I didn't know… and... I have to trust his judgment on that.”

Ryan was never the best at keeping secrets, which was a dangerous trait to have given his line of work.
However, he knew better than most the consequences of slipping up. 
It was an old scar now, but his sister lost her mind after a botched blanking.
Going through that did not make him a better liar, true, but Levi knew that he would rather die than let anyone else get their mind wiped because of him.

So he learned to do what everyone else did when conversations drifted in dangerous directions. 
He learned to change the subject. 

“What about you? You little doll. How have you been doing?”

Levi’s ears perked up to the point of causing him physical pain as he listened to the confused little squeak that played through the muffled audio of the device in his hands.

“You mind if I take a picture of her to show the guys? I'm sure they'd love to see how much Athan’s kid has grown up since the f-” Ryan didn't pause, so much as amend his choice of words while in the middle of saying them “Since the last time they saw her.”

Levi rearranged his grip on the tablet in anticipation, so that his claws did not cover up even a single pixel of the screen.

Margaret’s voice softened and relaxed a bit “What? Oh, sure. Go right ahead.”

With that the faint light in the corner shifted around oddly, and stretched across the screen.
And as the camera auto adjusted to the new lighting, Levi realized that the phone used to record the video had been discreetly stashed away in Ryan's pocket up until that point.

For a brief moment flashes of a familiar city wooshed past in a blur.
Then the camera settled on the bewildered face of Riley. 

His daughter.

Her flawless skin was only a shade or two lighter than her mother’s, and she had inherited most of Margaret’s more rounded facial features.
Except for her nose, which was wider and more angular like her dad's.
She didn't have much hair yet, but it was black, and lightly curled.
It was also somewhat frizzy, in a way that reminded Levi of his grandfather.
And of course, she shared the same deep chocolatey brown eyes as both of her parents.

A small twinge of pain jabbed at Levi, as he remembered that his eyes were no longer that color anymore.

Ryan kept the camera focused on Riley just long enough for it to get awkward, but not so long that Margaret would feel compelled to question him about it.
“All done.” He said casually, as he put the phone away.
Though he didn't put it back into the pocket he got it from, instead he slipped it into his shirt pocket.
Where he intentionally placed it in a vertical position, so that only half of the camera lens was covered up.

Levi could only see the top of Margaret’s forehead as she asked “Are you sure you got it? I didn't hear a click.”

“Hm?” Ryan replied “Oh, I've got the sound turned off.”
It wasn't a well told lie, but it was believable, and Margaret had no reason to doubt him over such a small thing.
So she simply shrugged it off.

“So whatcha reading? If you don't mind me asking.”
Ryan was never one to tolerate silence, so he tried to fill the air whenever he could.
Sometimes he would ramble on for hours about the most minor of things, and other times would push others to share their thoughts.
He didn't really care, just so long as someone was talking.

Margaret shifted in her seat as she absentmindedly said. “I'm looking to find a job.”

“Really?” Ryan asked in surprise “Didn't Re- The company give you compensation?”
A faint fire of quietly contained outrage crept into his voice as he explained “Levi had worked with us for years before his untimely death. You should have been given a sizable amount of money after he died. Enough to retire, or at least en-”

Margaret raised her hand dismissively, Levi could see the tips of her fingers poking into his narrow view.
“No no, I got the check they sent me. It’s just… It doesn't feel right... Spending money that I got because my husband died.”

“I don't know.” She groaned as she nearly sagged out of sight. “He probably would have wanted me to use the opportunity he’s given me. To spend all my time being a mother… But…”

“No no, I see your point.” Ryan agreed, half to himself. “And yeah that's fair enough.”
He might have shrugged, though it was difficult for Levi to tell just off of the camera’s movements.

“You could always just leave it in the bank to gather dust and interest for a rainy day, or maybe you could donate it to a charity of some kind, I don't know… Just don't go ripping it up or anything stupid like that. Cause I'm pretty sure Levi wouldn't be too keen on it going back into the company’s coffers.”

Ryan's voice turned slightly grim as he quietly admitted “He hated that place you know...”

“Yeah I know. It's just…” her voice got tangled up in knots as she fought to not break out into tears again. “I get that he couldn't tell me about his work but... but I don't understand why he never just quit! He didn't do it for the money, because we didn't need it, and it definitely wasn't because he enjoyed it. So why couldn't he just walk away?”

The confusion, grief, fear, and pain finally broke her, and she began to cry.

Levi could never stand to hear his wife cry, but it was so much worse now that he couldn't even try to comfort her.

“Look…” Ryan said quietly as listened to the crying woman that he had barely met, but knew through countless stories “I'm not supposed to tell you this but-”

Levi nearly jumped to his feet in alarm, but to his surprise it was Margaret who interrupted him from potentially sharing any innocuously dangerous secrets.

“Don’t say it.”
Her voice was pained, and she clearly was desperate to know, but she still stopped him.
“I asked Levi to explain these things to me a thousand times when he was alive, and every time he avoided the question, or simply refused to answer.”

“Marget I…” Levi whispered quietly. 
But she was not there to hear him.

“It was his choice to take those secrets to his grave, and I… I should trust his judgment on that.”
She let out the slightest bit of a chuckle, which somehow managed to be a sad sound.
“I actually should have trusted his judgment on a lot of things.” she mused.

Levi saw the slightest bit of her eyes poke into the camera’s view as they flicked towards Ryan.
“He didn't want to do it you know...”

“Do... What?” Ryan asked, so softly that it could barely be heard.

“He didn't want to go through with it. The procedure I mean. The one that ended up killing him.”
Margaret’s voice began to be choked by guilt and bitter regret as she explained. 
“He wanted to live out the time he had left. But I just couldn't stand the thought of losing him. So when he let it slip that there was a slim chance of a cure I… I…”

Her confession halted for a few anguished breaths, before she could force herself to continue.
“I pressured him to do it. God, I didn't even know what it even was. I still don't. Yet I pushed him to try it anyway.”

Levi clapped his hands over his quivering muzzle in horror.
She… she blamed herself.
He suddenly didn't want to keep listening, but he couldn't bring himself to pause the video.
His heart hurt too much, and he couldn't look away from the nearly black screen.

“All he wanted was to live long enough to meet Riley, but I convinced him to bet his life on a miracle, and now he’ll never get that chance!”

“Hey hey. What happened to Levi was no one's fault. You hear me?” Ryan asserted firmly “We all knew it was a long shot when he volunteered for stra- uh... for treatment. Him especially.”

He sighed grimly “But that's just how life works sometimes. We all take risks, big and small, hoping for the best. Waiting for the day when our luck runs out, and chaos finally wins. Your husband was a good man, and an even more amazing friend. And I'm grateful for the time that I
I've known him."

Neither of them said anything for a while after that, however it was not a cold or awkward silence.
Just a simple quiet moment of understanding.

The two of them spent the next few minutes sharing stories about Levi with each other.
Though Margaret understandably had a lot more of them. 
Or at least... More stories that she could share.

“- in line for like an hour and a half, and then they just slowly walk up and close the doors on us without saying a word! So Levi looks over to me with this shocked expression and says in the most deadpan tone of voice. "That settles it. You are officially the only adult on Ehva island who isn't completely insane.“

Margaret laughed for a few seconds before correcting herself.
“Actually wait... This was just after our first date, so he was still pronouncing it Eva island at the time.”
This little detail made them both laugh even harder.

Levi had to crack a slight smile as he recalled the incident.
Their attempted visit to the AI and robotics showcase was an absolute trainwreck of a second date.
But despite how frustrating it was at the time, it certainly made up for it by being a fun and memorable story.

Levi sighed as he pined for those simpler days.

He closed his eyes as he listened to the two of them wrap up their conversation.
It wasn't as if he could see much of anything anyhow.
And besides, he could always rewatch it later.
In fact he was probably going to watch this one video many more times than would be healthy.

After the goodbyes were finished the sound changed to that of walking, which made Levi crack his eyes open again.

Nothing changed for a while, until Ryan took the phone from his pocket, and pointed the camera at himself.
He was standing in what looked like a back alleyway that he must have ducked into, and he was smiling sadly. 
“Hey buddy. See you in a few days. Well… It's probably going to be a lot sooner than that for you if you're watching this… But either way, I hope this helps. Bye.”

With that the video ended.

“Thank you.” Levi recited to the air, before checking the battery and playing the video again.


Levi grabbed ahold of one of the lower padded handlebars and hoisted himself up for another try when the doors opened.
The loud and unexpected clatter made Levi jump in surprise, which in turn made him lose his grip on the bars.

He fell belly first onto the padded floor but he was grinning as he shambled up into a semi stable sitting position.
"Mooring!"
He said to whoever it was. 
 stood up on his shaky feet and slowly let his weight shift from off of the wall until he was fully supporting himself.
He probably could have made progress by just standing there and seeing how long he could maintain his balance.
But his newly padded room made it possible for Levi to be far more ambitious without risking getting injured.

So as soon as he got his footing Levi transitioned from standing, into a rather uncertain walk which felt more like trying to recover from an uncontrolled fall than anything else.

Levi made it two and a half steps before inevitably tumbling down.
But despite his failure he could help but smile a little with satisfaction.

The padding did its job perfectly, and more importantly than that, he was improving.

Levi
Ryan peeked into the room then very cautiously stepped out.
His uncovered face was a mix of many strong and complex emotions competing with each other for dominance.

Strangely enough he was actually stunned speechless for once, and it took him a solid forty seconds of simply staring at Levi before he could bring himself to ask.
"Is… Is that really you?"

Levi sighed, and his smile faltered little as he nodded.
"As phar as I can tell… yah."

"Wow." Ryan relaxed, though not enough to approach quite yet. "I can't believe it. You really… I... Just... wow."
He eventually did manage to compose himself, and once he did he gave Levi a sheepish side eyed grin of half pity.
"You know… You don't look anything like I expected you to."

Levi shot his friend a flat look.
One of the great things about expressions was that they ran almost entirely off of instinct.
All Levi had to do was relinquish control and not think about it too hard and his facial muscles would automatically convey his feelings for him.
Just so long as he wasn't trying to lie or put on an expression.
Because his lack of understanding of his own face made that near impossible to pull off.

Ryan gestured at Levi and answered his implied question "Well yeah, obviously I knew you were a big blue lizard. I mean, I'm not completely out of the loop."
He scratched his chin thoughtfully "But I don't know. For whatever reason I imagined you to look like… well… To be frank, I imagined you to look like a blue lizard version of yourself."

Levi's flat look deepened into one of incredulity, as his jaw dropped slightly open for a moment.
"Wat?"

Ryan finally took a step or two forward as he looked at Levi searchingly.
"Yeah... I don't see anything of your old face in there. If I wasn't told that it was you, then your appearance wouldn't have even vaguely reminded me of who you used to be."
He shrugged, "Perhaps they'll be something more recognizable about your voice or mannerisms? But from what I've heard you've been having a lot of trouble moving and speaking. Right?"

Levi answered him with an asymmetrical shrug off his own.
"Is what is."

Ryan nodded his agreement, then found a new topic without missing a beat.
"So I suppose this means your cold blooded now…"

Levi opened his mouth to protest, but Ryan quickly talked over him.

"Have you been warm enough in here? Or do you need something else to warm you up. Like a heat lamp or-" He coughed politely. "Maybe some clothes?"

Levi self consciously shifted into a more reserved sitting position, and curled his tail around himself for all of eight seconds before it started doing its own thing again.
"I had a thin. But I don no ware it is… All so, im stil worm bloded. I'em not sodeny a rep-till jost be-cos I ave scals yah no."

Ryan's eyes glassed over a bit "Wow that's one hell of an accent. It's actually, kinda surprising how hard it is to understand you considering how slowly you talk."

Levi half sighed half groaned in frustration, prompting Ryan to smile sympathetically.
"Yeah I know buddy. It's a pain for the both of us."

Levi rolled his eyes then looked searchingly around the room.
Even with the new padding and guardrails there wasn't much space in his room that couldn't be seen from where he was sitting.
But there was still some spots beside his bed and near the sink that were out of view, so he had to ask.
"Do, you, see, my, pants, any where?"
He tried his best to make himself sound as legible as possible, but that made him even slower, and it was still painfully obvious that his oddly pitched voice was not human. 

Ryan glanced about then shook his head frowning.
"Not really no." He then smiled enthusiastically "Though I do see that we managed to get that tablet to you."

Levi perked up and his tail started swaying slightly faster.
"Yes! Thank you so moch! Tuly... You don no what it mens to meh."

Ryan beamed "Don't mention it, I'm just glad I could help make things a little more bearable for you."

"Tht reminzme." Levi muttered as more pressing question crossed his mind. "Wen did th hats find t'he time to fex up my room to mek it awl schoft?"
He looked at Ryan pleadingly "Just how wlong was I owt ris tim?"

"Just how long was I out this time?" Ryan echoed to himself under his breath.
It was a tactic that most of his friends used when trying to sort out Levi's gibberish.

Ryan shrugged as he spoke up.
"Can't say for sure since I just got back yesterday. But I'm pretty sure I overheard the coats talking about the stuff they used to knock you out while I was in quarantine. So I doubt it could have been more than a day or two."

Levi let out a sigh of deep relief, then scowled.
Shouldn't the hats have still been working on the new cells 	if that was the case?
How did they find time to refurbish his enclosure?

Ryan picked up on Levi’s troubled expression and did his best to guess at what he was thinking.
“Don’t worry buddy. Two days straight of unconsciousness may not be the healthiest thing in the world, but ultimately it’s not gonna kill you… probably.”

He smiled dismissively “Yeah, you’ll be fine just so long as the coats don't make a habit of dousing you. Hell you’ll probably be fine even if they do make a habit of it. Because they’ll almost certainly be readjusting whatever shot they used to be less intense for you.”

Ryan chuckled a bit “I for one would hate to be the poor coat who has to explain to the suits that I accidentally overdosed you.”

Levi blinked a few times as he thought about that statement.
“But… Why? Why wuld suts car so mouch about me?”

Ryan gave him a look, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“Because you're super important. You're like. The only breakthrough they've had in years. The whole lab is practically buzzing over how to replicate what happened to you.”

Time seemed to slow down to a crawl as Levi's eyes went wide in realization.
"Oh no…" he breathed, as he put the pieces together in his mind.

Levi knew that he had gotten special treatment compared to the average Jumper, but up until this point he thought that it was just because he had friends here who were pulling strings on his behalf.
That was probably still true actually, but it was more clear to him now that one of the reasons why they could so easily get away with it was because the Suits had a vested interest in his well being.

Ryan clicked his tongue like it was an admittance of respect.
"You're an FBT who remained mentally unchanged for over half a year, and might very well stay that way for who knows how much longer. Of course they're excited about you!

Levi raised his hand and gestured for Ryan to stand back, as the quills on his back began to slowly stand on end.
He could feel his heart beating faster now and the sound of little blue sparks began to crackle in the air.

"Wh?" Ryan muttered as he took a step or three backwards.
He gaped at the tiny sparks appearing in the air, then looked back at Levi with concern and confusion in his eyes "What is it? What's wrong?"

The last thing Levi ever wanted, was for DUD to be interested in him.
Sure it wasn't the worst thing in the world, especially when compared to Levi losing his humanity, but it was still an ongoing fear of his.
And it was not an irrational one either.

As an organization, DUD was about as frightening as it was immoral.
So Levi had tried his best to keep his head down and avoid getting mixed up in their insanity anymore then he already was.
But now the game had changed whether he liked it or not. 

Now they had a reason to look, a reason to care, a reason to…

Levi frantically stroked both of his flattened ears, and tried to reassure himself.

So DUD had decided he was special. 
So what?
What more could they possibly do to him now?
Lock him up, torture him, dissect him, seperate him from his family?
They had already done all those things and more.

So what else did he have to fear from them? 

Memory erasal?
Who was to say that they hadn't done it to him already?

Death?
He almost didn't care anymore, and they wouldn't want to lose their test subject anyway. 

Mind control?
Well… He supposed that was always an option.
Though the odds of them wasting something like that on him were slim.
Especially since they already knew that he would do anything to keep his family safe.

Levi's tail thrashed wildly as he clutched at his side's.
"Ryly!" He breathed frantically, as a horrific thought crossed his mind.
 
He had done the impossible and retrained his mind when his body was lost.
And even if he did lose it later, the fact that he remained stable for this long made him very valuable indeed.

So what would they give to have someone else like him to run tests on?

Ryan had said it himself, there was nothing left of the old Levi in his new body.

However…

There were still three people in the world who were at least half of who he used to be.
His father, his mother, and his child.
Each one had half his blood, each one was more him than he was by this point.

They would all be targets now…
The coats would want to know if they were as resilient to the madness as he seemed to be. 

At first Levi's mind refused to comprehend the thought of his family being kidnapped, and forcibly infected with strange matter.
But no matter how hard he rejected the idea, there was still some part of him which knew that his conclusion was sound.

Levi began to shake as the storm of blue sparks slowly grew into a veritable hurricane that engulfed the whole room.
He whined, then he whimpered, then he howled.

"Levi?" Ryan worried stepped back into the airlock and hovered his hand over the door controls "Levi you're scaring me!"

Levi knew he should have said, or done something.
Anything to reassure Ryan that he hadn't lost his mind right then and there.
But somehow… that didn't matter anymore.
Nothing here mattered anymore.

Because they were going to hurt his little girl.

Something in Levi snapped then, as all the fear in his heart crystallized into pure cold fury.
The beautiful storm of delicate crackling sparks seemed to all but vanish.
And in its place the air grew stiff with electrical tension.

Levi did not even flinch as the air in his tiny prison erupted with the weighty crash of a true bolt of lighting.
For a single moment the branching pillar of blinding light connected the floor to the ceiling.
Then just as quickly it was gone.
Leaving nothing behind but two blackened patches, and the smell of burning rubber and ozone.

Levi made a bestial sound of rage that seemed to border the line between a barking growl, and a lion's roar.
It was a frightening thing to hear a sound like that come from his own throat.
But there was no room for fear in Levi's heart at the moment.
Not even for himself.

So he let his anger and his fear spill out upon the world, as the devastating thrum of lighting  exploded around him again.
And again, and again, and again.

Ryan made a small, defeated sound as he reluctantly flipped the switch and closed the door between them.

Levi moved to stand up and scream at the camera, but his legs buckled out from beneath him and he crashed into the wall almost immediately.
He was far too emotionally compromised at the moment to maintain the focus needed for something as complex as bipedal locomotion.
So he settled for simply getting up on his knees and shakily glaring at the innocuous looking little black dome in the corner of the ceiling. 

"Eyph airnri ru hourg cho molsh eys horhm ey shenle hur awm mmh gottures horhd, jen eym iehl kerl hhuurr!"
Levi tried to shout, but his garbled attempt as a threat quickly deteriorated into nothing more than the bellowing growl of an enraged animal.

"Hey hey hey, just listen to me, you remember me right? Your pal Ryan R. Weatherfall? Good old double R double U? Remember?"
Ryan spoke quickly and softly over the intercom.
Presumably he was also watching him via the camera feed.

"Oh what was that thing you're always mumbling to yourself? Little Ben said it helped you when you first woke up."
There was a brief pause as Ryan racked his brain for a simple thing that he would have gotten instantly if he wasn't so frazzled. 
"You're not a firefighter but you still put out fires?… Something like that."

Levi's fit of outrage faltered somewhat as he listened to his friend struggle under the pressure to remember the exact wording of his stupid mantra.
'I don't start fires I just help put them out…'
It seemed like a reasonable and moral approach at first, but it was fundamentally flawed.
And you didn't even have to discard the metaphor to see why.

All you had to do was realize that, although Levi wasn't the one striking the matches, he was still complacently watching on in silence as the true arsonists set the world ablaze.
Anxiously waiting with a bucket of water in his hands.
Never able to act until after most of the damage had already been done.

His crimes lay not his actions, but in his failure to act.

Levi had chosen to turn a blind eye to the suffering of others, for fear of bringing the consequences down on himself and the ones he loved.
But the price of his soul had meant nothing in the end, because now it seemed like his worst fears would soon come true anyway.

They had reason to kidnap his daughter, and expose her to very madness that had taken away his humanity.

Levi was not normally someone who was quick to anger.
In fact he actually tended to bottle up and suppress such emotions.
But now the cork of his fear was gone, and the pressure of six years of resentment and fury was suddenly free to come spilling out of him.

He swore and cursed at his invisible captors.
Passionately rambling off a string of threats and profanity, that was butchered so bad that it was indistinguishable from the meaningless chatterings of a wild animal.

His tail thrashed violently in time with the chaotic rhythm of the lightning, his fully erect quills quivered as if shook by a strong wind, and he let himself fully give in to the urge to bear his teeth.

Levi could feel it now.
The invisible shift in the lightning that sinisterly accompanied the apparent one.

Fear could feed the storm, making it grow large, and menacing.
But in the end it was just an elaborate show, put on by his subconscious to scare away the source of the threat.

But the lightning sourced by hatred was different.
Levi knew it with every fiber of his being, even if he didn't want to know.

This lightning could kill.

He could kill...

In the end it was that thought that had pulled Levi out of his rage, and back into the depths of fear and despair.
Levi began to quietly weep in his own altered way.
What else was he supposed to do?
He could kill someone with nothing more than his raw emotions, and yet he was more powerless than he had ever been before.

"Levi?" Ryan inquired through the door "You still with me champ?"
He seemed torn between waiting for the storm to die out, and breaking up the awkward silence which he hated so much.
 
"Ran..." Levi forced himself to focus on his words, as they were the only influence he had left which could even remotely affect the world outside of his padded room. "Ran do not let them hourt hur. Do not let them hourt my bayby."
 
There was silence as Ryan puzzled out what had just happened. 

At first there was silence as Ryan did his best to figure out what words Levi had even tried to say.
Then that silence stretched on even further as he struggled to understand why he would so suddenly make such a request. 
And then it was extended even further still as Ryan put two and two together, and independently came to the same horrible prediction that had set Levi spiraling out of control.

"Oh…"

The single word of realization cut through the silence.
Bringing with it a heavy emotional load of horror and sorrow, but grim pity most of all.

Ryan quietly sighed with a great deal of pain, then spoke again very softly.
"I'll do everything that I can… But…"
He trailed off.
He couldn't bring himself to say it.
But he didn't need to.

Because Levi knew.

Levi knew what it felt like to be on that side of the wall.
And ironically it wasn't that different from being where he was now.
Because in truth they were all prisoners here. 

Prisoner or warden. 
Blue vest or orange jumper.
It almost didn't matter either way.
Because deep down they were all the same. 

Completely and utterly... powerless.


================================================================================================================================================

Levi lay on the ground in the harsh silence.
His entire body curling into a loose ball, or perhaps a ring would be a more apt description.

The very tip of his tail moved up and down in front of his nose.
A far cry wide sweeping motions that it usually did.
The papped ground beneath it was… charred… And the room smelled horribly of smoke.

Levi's lightning had never actually damaged anything before this point.
It had just made a lot of noise and moved through things.

But now…

Levi's lungs still hurt from the smoke which had slowly been filtered out of the room.
And everything was speckled with branching patterns of black.
He could have sworn a fire had broken out somewhere, but if it did then it had already burnt itself out.

What could he do? What could he do? What could he do? 
The same question looped over and over in his mind without answer.
He was so afraid… afraid and... alone…
No one had come to check on him since his outburst, but he could still feel the eyes of the cameras burning into him. 

They were watching him.

All he could do was curl into a ball and cry without tears.
He was drowning in his despair… his sorrow… his grief…
Drowning without drowning, dying without dying.
Spiraling downwards without ever moving an inch.

What could he do?

Kill himself perhaps?

Could that even help the situation in any way?
How would he even do it?
Could he even go through with it?
His claws were sharp enough, and the cutting of his throat was probably still a lethal injury for him…

But what a horrible way to die. 

What a horrible way to live.

Suicide wouldn't help them.

Suicide wouldn't help them.

But what else could he do?

He had to do something.

He couldn't just lie here forever.

He had to do something. 

He had to do anything.

He had to…

He had to do something.

Levi mechanically pushed himself up, but flopped right over.
He wasn't thinking it through, just simply acting.
But his instincts were wrong.
Human movements issued to inhuman joints.
How could he hope to move without being fully focused on the task?
And how could he focus on the task at hand when they were going to harm his little girl?

He worried for hours.
Thinking about what might happen to her, about what might happen to his parents.
Playing nightmarish possibilities through his mind's eye over and over again until they lost all meaning or he found a new waking nightmare to fixate on.

Time dragged on for what seemed like an endless unchanging eternity of grief.
But it moved on all the same, exhausting him both physically and mentally.
Until he eventually became numb to the aching in his heart.

The wound was still fresh.
Time had yet to seal it shut.
But the bleeding had stopped for the time being.
Despite his dry eyes, he had still somehow managed to run out of tears.

Levi collapsed against the wall in the corner of the room to rest.
He felt dead inside as he listlessly scanned the mostly barren room for something to do or think about.  

It wasn't that he was bored.
Honestly how could he be?
It was more that he needed a distraction.
Some kind of task or curiosity that could occupy his mind, and keep him from thinking about the danger which lurked around the horizon.

His eyes settled on the DP and he dispassionately wondered if he had fried it in his rage.
He probably would have been a lot more concerned about it, but he had already spent all of his fear and concern on better things.
Still, he crawled up to it and checked it anyway.
Just to see what condition it was in.

It flickered slightly as it turned back on, but apart from that slight hiccup it seemed to be fine.
Levi opened up a few apps just to see that they still worked, but he was not in the mood to really use any of them. 
So he put it back down and looked around for something else.

And that's when he spotted something crumpled up beneath his bed.
It was the mangled pair of bluejeans that Lance had given him.
Scooting over on his belly he grabbed them and pulled them out where he could see them better.

He had only really put them on once when he first got them, because they made it nearly impossible to move his legs properly.
So now he only ever wore them as a loincloth, assuming he even wore them at all.
Which was a shame since Levi desperately needed clothes.

If only the bluejeans we're actually designed to fit his stupid, freaky, weirdly bent legs…

…

Actually… now that he thought about it, he didn't actually need them to cover his legs.
All he wanted was something to cover his crotch with.
If he were to simply cut off the leggings entirely and make them into shorts then...
Well they wouldn't be perfect but at least he'd be able to actually wear them.

All he needed was something sharp.

Levi looked around his padded room with a disgruntled huff.
Of course the coats wouldn't dare entrust him with anything that he could use to hurt himself.
But there were obviously some things which couldn't be taken away from him as easily.
Such as the sharp black talons that tipped each of his scaly fingers.

Taking the horrifically unfashionable excuse for an outfit and draping it over his knee, Levi found where it was that he wanted to cut it.
Then he began diligently scraping at the spot with his claws, however despite his best efforts he just couldn't get his claws to dig into the nearly brand new denim.

Frustrated by this, Levi unthinkingly placed the clothes into his mouth and bit down.
His plan being that he would pierce a small hole into the jeans with his teeth, and then use that to help him start tearing the legs off.
But then unfortunately for him, his project was interrupted by the door suddenly opening.

Levi froze as he looked up to see who it was. 

Lance Zakata stood in the doorway.
He was completely motionless as he coldly and suspiciously annualized the scene before him. 
That of a large blue reptile sitting on the floor, completely naked, chewing on the last shred of a claim to basic human dignity that he had.

Even though he wore an emotionless expression beneath a tinted mask, Levi could still practically read his friend's thoughts.
He could still see the tense look of concern that he tried and failed to hide.
The man was wondering if Levi had finally snapped as expected, and doubting if the creature before him was still his friend.

Somewhere in the back of Levi’s mind he knew that all he had to do to defuse the situation, was to make even just a minor attempt at explaining himself.
Yet for whatever reason, be it shock, embarrassment, or fear, Levi just couldn’t bring himself to move.
Not even to remove the pants from his mouth, which were getting progressively more soaked with spit.

As the tense standoff continued, it became increasingly clear that Lance was not planning to be the first one to move.
He had his hand over his MPF, and Levi knew that he was ready to use it at lightning speed if he so much as inched closer to him.

And yet even still he couldn't bring himself to do anything.
He was paralyzed by the pure awkwardness of the situation.
His pounding heart threatened to summon the storm as he finally pulled together enough willpower to unhook his teeth from the jeans. 

"Hi?" He squeaked, his already high pitched voice crackling.

"Levi… What are you doing?"
Lance asked, painfully slowly. 

Levi just as slowly lowered the spit soaked jeans to his lap.
He could feel himself blushing extensively, although he doubted it could be seen through his scales.

“I, am, make-ing, these, sh-or-ts...” he explained weakly.
It very nearly sounded like a question, or passion perhaps a lie.
Though the truth was that he was just nervous.

“Hmm...” Lance hummed with an uncertain nod.
The tension in the room maintained its oppressive weight, as both parties waited for the other to do or say something.

At last it was Lance who spoke.
“Well… Ripped jeans always seemed like a rather wasteful fashion trend to me. But I suppose you can do whatever you like with them."

He looked Levi dead in the eyes.
"Though it might be better for your teeth to just ask someone for a new pair.”
There was not a hint of humor in his voice or mannerisms.
And yet somehow Levi could tell that it was supposed to be a joke.

A dry one with no real punchline for sure, but a joke nonetheless. 

And to his own surprise, Levi started laughing.
It didn't sound human… But it didn't sound all together alien either.
Like an animal's laughter.
What animal?
He wasn't sure.

Laughter was actually a rather odd and decidedly human quirk.
So he was honestly a bit surprised that he still did it.
And even more surprised that he was laughing this hard over such a terrible joke.

How had he gone this long without knowing what his new laugh sounded like?
Why was he laughing now?

Perhaps because he so desperately needed something… anything to relieve the tension that was strangling him.

Either way, he laughed.
And soon, the very fact that he was laughing for no reason had become an excuse for even more laughter. 

He laughed and laughed until he was wheezing on the floor, legitimately gasping for air.

And lance just awkwardly stood back, still as a rod.
Watching his naked, blue, monster of a friend wriggle around on the floor.
Chortling with a weird, oddly birdlike giggle.

Levi was convinced that this was it.
That he had finally cracked.

Because despite it all, he felt fine.

He had finally hit the very bottom and couldn't possibly sink any lower.

It was all just a big twisted joke by this point.

He was dissociating rapidly.

Whatever happened next would just happen.
He couldn't control it.
He couldn't stop it.

What was the point in fighting it anymore?

Why not just let go?

And so Levi simply laughed as his heart died in his chest.

This was it.
He had given up.
And he was ready to face whatever came after. 

And yet...

Lance watched on with cautious confusion, as Levi's nearly unprompted fit of laughter slowly died away.
He was still chuckling, even after the moment had passed, but it was not a happy sound.
In fact it sounded more like sobbing than anything else.

"You good?"
Lance asked dryly once Levi's giggling had finally died down completely.

Levi… wasn't sure.
Part of him wasn't expecting to get this far.
Part of him was convinced that the laughing would never stop, or that when it did, he would be someone else… something else.

But was he wrong?
Could it be that the laughing fit was just him momentarily cracking under the pressure?
Or was it a sign that his mental state was coming apart at the seams?

Did it even matter either way?

"Hey." Lance said with a snap of his fingers "I said. Are you good?"

Levi dragged his head to look at the viser of his friend's protective suit.
"res?"
It seemed like the wrong answer, and not just because he said it wrong.

Lance gave him a look.
Or rather… continued to give him a look.

Levi's tail thrashed with irritation, but he relented under his friend's sturn gaze.
"...No…." He admitted. "I'm not okey."

"Thought so." Lance nodded at that with some amount of grim satisfaction "It's good you're admitting that."
He walked up to him and tossed a bag down in front of him.
"Here… Drink this whenever you feel like it.." 

"And if I don't?" Levi asked defiantly.
He knew it was a stupid idea to be anything less than submissive right now, but he still had that anger boiling inside if him, mixing with his fear and despair, clouding his judgment.

But Lance just shrugged "Then you'll get hungry as well as sad I suppose." 
His voice was as cold and unfeeling as ever.
Yet someone who knew him well could recognize his way of showing sympathy.

He understood what Levi was going through.
The pain that he must have been experiencing.
And he cared…
He cared for Levi, but he wasn't about to let him wallow in misery.

You couldn't wait for grief.
Otherwise you would be waiting forever.
You had to keep moving.
No matter what else you had to keep moving.

Even if your friends had to drag you by the tail.

Lance understood this far too well.
So he was perfectly willing to do the dragging.

In a purely metaphorical sense of course.
He wasn't about to get within striking distance, let alone touch him.
He hadn't survived this long by being reckless after all.

Lance watched from a safe distance and Levi clumsily opened the slush bag and drank from it.
After a while he spoke up.
"Feeling better?"

Levi felt a hot rush of anger bubbling up in his chest.
Motivating him to speak in the growling guttural tones that he was able.
"Lamch! Lancmch, you dont undeerfsatnd. Theer guing to kinap here! Thar gohing t kdnap my babbie goril!"

"I know…" Lance breathed before even having to stop to puzzle what Levi had said. "I watched the footage. I know why you flipped out."
He gave Levi a sympathetic and regretful look, though he didn't allow his eyes to drift away from him.
"I'm sorry Levi."

"Theer gohing too keel her… make hor lyke me."
Levi wheezed through tears that refused to wet his eyes. 

He wanted so badly for Lance to laugh at him.
To tell him that he was being paranoid and over dramatic over nothing.
To sit him down and explain to him exactly how and why he was being an idiot. 

But Lance just nodded his head.
"Probably… They'll certainly try in any case."

Levi growled.
Literally growled like a roaring lion.
He could feel the deep reverberations being formatted somewhere in the back of his throat.
It was… uncanny…

He tried to speak… tried to scream his wrath.
But the only thing he could do was roar like an animal.
Everything he said, every insult, demand, and threat.
They were all lost in the sound.

He didn't know how to change it.

Lance just watched him from a distance, unflinching and unconcerned.
Or rather, it was a controlled concern.
He didn't let his emotions control him, to the point where he legitimately seemed like a psychopath at times.
But anyone who spent enough time with him knew that he was a good person underneath it all.
Levi was well aware of this, yet he still had to fight back the hatred and anger that he was feeling.

Lance knew Redgate better than anyone, he knew that they would be going after his family long before Levi had figured it out.
And now all he was doing was casually reaffirming that fact!
How could he be so callous? 
Didn't he care?
How could he just stand there while his child's life was on the line!?

The irony of that sentiment wasn't lost on Levi, as he himself had been the bystander and even accomplice to countless similar atrocities by this point.
But at the same time… They were friends weren't they?
Didn't that make it… different somehow?
Part of him felt like it should. 

A bolt of true lightning cracked through the room, making both man and monster jump with surprise.
Levi blinked the flash from his eyes as he looked around the room in confusion.
There were no little blue jolts dancing around, or staticy crackles of electricity.
No visible signs at all that something was wrong, save for the tension in the air.

Lance looked down at the smoldering black spot on the floor where the lightning had struck.
And Levi couldn't help but wonder what would have happened if it had struck him directly.
Could his suit really withstand something like that? 
Or would it just melt away?

"Well that was… different…"
Lance said dryly, as he took a step back.
His tone of voice clearly displaying his dislike of different things.

Levi's looked around his room for the source of the lightning.
Though obviously he didn't find one since the source was clearly himself.
It was just… weird how everything seemed to spontaneously appear from the ceiling, or the walls, or from random objects within the general area.
Only occasionally would the energy appear to originate from his body itself, though it was always  unnerving when it did.

Lance frowned down at the burnt patch, then looked to Levi with a concerned frown.
"Care to explain why the floor is full of holes? And why full blown lightning bolts are appearing out of thin air without warning?"

Levi shifted uncomfortably, his writhing tail making his hesitation overly apparent.
"It's… difrent… a dirfrent kynd of upsit."  he gulped hard and tried his best to keep his words clear rather than fast. "Feer is sparqus… big… scury,... But angir? Anger is… slw… quite…"

He looked up at the clear… normal looking ceiling.
And he felt the power there.
"Yuw don see ish. Bt... It keyps buiding an bilding... Gowing stonger… untll…"

Levi closed his eyes…

He could feel the energy was at a tipping point.
Any moment now…
All it needed was a little push.

He couldn't control the lightning.
But he could control his emotions to an extent.
And that was what his powers mirrored.

All he had to do…

Was let himself hate.

The lightning crashed again.
This time Levi only flinched.
He knew it was coming…
He wanted it to come…

The bolt had struck him in the shoulder, but it had barely ticked him as if trailed down his blue scales.
That was not because the lightning was harmless though.
It was because he was immune.

He could feel the heat of the freshly blackened ground beneath him.
The bluejeans on his lap had caught fire, and were melting onto him. 
His scales were slightly more resistant to heat than skin, though he could still feel the pain from the burns he was sustaining.

He winced as he tossed the ruined clothes to the side, not nearly fast enough.
Then shuffled over so that he wasn't sitting on hot coals.

A sharp whimper of pain escaped from Levi's throat, followed by another, then another.
The intensity of the sound fading by half with each cry until he was simply breathing normally. 

Then he turned to Lance with a pain expression, and admitted to what he already knew. 
"I kn hort pepol… if am agury enuf… then te littnen stoops beanin hamless…"

Only now, after attempting to say it out loud, did it really start to sink in.
"It… I can kill wit mu powre Lalnch… ig isnt… I'm not… saife…"

Levi covered his muzzle with a hand and softly started hissing instead of crying.
Faint wisps of blue started bleeding into his room as his fear overtook his anger, and the lightning changed.
Rapidly transitioning from a deadly but invisible force, into an outwardly aggressive but ultimately harmless show light.
The difference between hate and fear. 

"I see."
Lance nodded as he took a step back. 
Though only just the one step. 

He… Honestly expected Lance to simply turn around and leave.
He wouldn't have blamed him for it either.

Lance was… smart… And leaving right now was the smart thing to do.

And yet…

And yet he stayed where he was.
Hovering in the doorway.
Watching the storm with a calculating frown.

Fear and regret had taken over, and had completely replaced the dangerous anger that had threatened those around him. 
But now he was safe to be around… probably…
Just so long as his rage remained suppressed or overshadowed by something else.

Levi cried onto the ground.
No tears were present, but he was crying all the same.
"Theer goin tow kill her… there going to… thr… th hh… hh hnn n m…"

Lance nodded from a safe distance, his voice harsh, but sympathetic. 
"Yes… yes they are… I'm sorry…"

Levi just cried…
A horrible, heaving, inhuman sound.

"Levi?..." lance asked thoughtfully after watching him cry for a while. "Levi. Do you remember when you told me about your weirding experience?"

The question seemed odd to him, prompting Levi to look up in confusion.
Where had this come from?
What did that story have to do with anything going on at the moment? 

Lance just smiled behind his visor.
"It was werewolves for you wasn't it? A whole city of them."

"Smal towen." Levi corrected with a grumble and a shudder.
He stopped having nightmares about that night a long time ago.
Only because he had found much worse things to imagine seeing in the dark. 

Lance shrugged.
"If I recall you had quite the adventure. Something to do with a magic amulet that enhanced the curse?"

Levi gave his friend a flat look. 
Of all his many talents, telling a compelling story wasn't one of them.
It was especially bad because Levi already knew the story better than him.
He had lived through it after all. 

"You were surrounded. One scratch and you would have become like them in a matter of minutes. The monsters were closing in. If you didn't get help soon then they would have gotten you for sure." Lance leaned forward significantly "But you did get help… Didn't you?"

Levi slowly drew in a breath and held it as he realised where he was going with this.

"You met them, didn't you? The special people. The ones who the rules don't apply to. The gold badges." Lance's eyes flashed dangerously. "And amongst them, you met him. The mad man himself. Andor Ragnamma."

Levi couldn't help but feel increasingly uncomfortable.
It was true that he had met the man once.
But it was only for that one night.
He had helped him survive, and even found a way to fix everything with the help of some… unlikely allies.

Marian and Dexter.
A man and his pet werewolf… or perhaps… a werewolf and her pet man?

Honestly, of all the weird characters he had encountered that night, he would think that she should have been the most notable.
A thousand year old werewolf woman, pretending to be just a large black dog, who could speak to people telepathically, and who didn't turn back even in the daylight.

How was it that Lance had so easily skipped over her, and instead put all his focus on Andor?
The man with two different colored eyes, and a wide unflinching smile. 
The answer was that Andor Ragnamma was not merely a man, but a mythos in and of himself!

The Kenji effect.

That is what they called it. 
The simple observation that there were some people who just... 
Had far too much luck… 
Both good and bad.
Strange people who couldn't die, not because they couldn't bleed, but because the universe would never let them stay dead.

Lance was convinced that the Kenji effect was real.
That it followed a strange and nonsensical set of rules.
Patterns and coincidences.

And he was looking for one of them now.
"Do you remember what he said to you? When you first met?"

Levi had told him this story before, a long time ago.
And when he did Lance made him promise not to mention this part to anyone ever again.
Then he stopped talking to him like a real person for a little over a year.
Only ever saying what was necessary for his job, while also trying really hard to be as vague and uninteresting to him as possible. 

It was… terrifying…
Unthinkable to him how such a simple, if weird conversation could cause such intense fear and defensiveness within the most competent man that Levi had ever known.

But yes…
Even after six years...
He still remembered that night...

A man with every natural hair color at once dances into the room with a team of strangers.
Giggling and laughing like a child in response to a joke that Levi didn't catch.
Complimenting someone for their wit and dry sense of humor.
Asking the others if they could keep her, and getting a firm no from everyone.

He laughs merrily at that, as he reloads his weapon and spins on his heels.
Those crazy lazy eyes of his searching for his next target.

His gun hovers over Levi's hiding space, without him even looking in his direction.
He grins as his finger lies tight around the trigger.
A glint of silver hardly visible in the barrel.

But he doesn't shoot.
Instead he throws up his arms in mock surrender.
"Hey guys, I found another one." He chuckles as he turns away.

And then partway through the motion he freezes dead still.

And when he snaps back around his previously lazy eyes are alight with curiosity.
He practically spirits to Levi's hiding place, heedless of the pistol pointed at him.

"Who are you?" he purrs slowly with a look of intense interest and satisfaction.

Levi looks around wildly at the band of strange people in navy blue uniforms as they setup a defensive perimeter.
His saviors from the growing hoard of monsters that were rapidly spreading through the town.

And in his panic and gratitude he blurts out the only answer that could possibly make sense.

Levi Athen told him the truth.
"He sayd… Hee said I hada good naem… Annd… tat my eyes weir too borin'g?"

Lance exhaled the breadth he had been holding and nodded solemnly.
He had found whatever pattern he was looking for, or rather, reconfirmed it.
He had already made this connection five years ago after all.
But it was only now that he felt the need to bring it up again.

"Levi…" he said, his voice little more than a whisper. "I think… I think you're going to be okay."
The man looked directly into his friend's black and pale blue eyes.

And then, after a few tense moments, he finally told Levi why that story had made him so nervous.
"You're special Levi… that's why you haven't lost your mind yet. The Kenji Effect, it… you're part of it. That's why Andor asked you what your name was. That's why he was surprised that you had normal eyes. It's because he knew this would happen. Or something like this. That's his pattern. He finds them... people like him… people like you…"

Levi's mouth hung open as he listened to the man's theories.
He knew that Lance was superstitious, but this was complete and utter insanity!
Okay, sure, magic was real, and he was currently a giant blue lizard man.
So maybe the Kenji Effect wasn't exactly as far fetched an idea as one might think.

But still… there had to be some cut off point for weirdness.
Magic had rules, the only problem was that no one understood very many of them.
That was why they were here wasn't it, why the strange matter tests were being run at all?
To find the answers?

"Eyem gong to beekkay? Noffinm babd will happpnm tue me?" Levi gritted his teeth, and tried his best to shove his anger down with fear. "Amb wat boutu mye famry? What hafens to de famery of pipl rike me?"

He wasn't sure if he actually believed in the Kenji Effect.
Even if he did, he wasn't sure if he agreed with Lance's assessment that he was afflicted by it. 
But he was willing to humor him for now, for the sake of argument at the very least.

Lance grimaced.
Perhaps he didn't understand him correctly, it was possible that he misheard.
Or maybe he knew exactly what was asked, and simply couldn't bring himself to answer. 

After a long while of silence he hung his head and said simply.
"I'm sorry Levi."

He had nothing more to say after that.
Time passed, as it is known to do, and Levi found himself starting to slip into the beginnings of a routine of all things.

First he would jolt awake at the realization that he was asleep.
Then he would spend the next few minutes cursing his debilitating sleep phobias, and trying to force himself to lose consciousness again.

Then when that inevitably failed, he would turn to narrating his own thoughts and messing about on his tablet, until he felt awake enough to try doing some more physical therapy.
He was actually getting better, albeit a bit slowly.

He could stand up on his own for extended periods of time now, and he even managed to walk from one end of the room to the other once.
He was still really shaky, and fell over far too often to feel comfortable on his odd feet yet.
But it was something.

The Vests would stop in every now and again to hand deliver him his food.
While also sharing with him the latest gossip, and complaints of the day.
However, despite their friendliness they had also become a lot more cautious around him.
Which Levi was totally fine with.

No one ever visited him without a full protective suit anymore.
Not since he confessed the certainty he felt in his ability to kill.
And that was especially reassuring, even if it was a little lonely at times. 

Every day Levi would ask about his daughter, and every other day or so he would be reassured by the news that she was alright.
Or at the very least that she had not been brought to Redgate yet.

This turn of events, though highly welcome, was something of a surprise to both Levi and the others.
Of course everyone had their own theories as to why this would be the case, because apparently the black suits were being rather standoffish about the issue.

"Perhaps after all those twin studies they have finally accepted the fact that genetics have no bearing on what happens to someone once they're infected?"

"They might be concerned that such a thing could irreparably damage your mental state. It's a rather smart play to keep asking like this. Since you should be able to tell if something is a miss, even if they try to order us to lie to you. So yeah. If you ask me they'll probably hold out until after you lose your mind before they risk snapping it themselves."

"Perhaps they don't wanna risk kidnappin' a lil girl who has a livin' mum who would start askin' a lot of uncomfortable questions should she suddenly disappear. They do wanna keep this whole thing a secret after all. So maybe they're just not as all powerful as ya think they are."

"I don't know about Riley, but your parents are probably too old to be of use to them. I mean… I don't know if older people can even survive strange matter infection or not. I've, at least, never seen a jumper older than forty… Well I suppose Hint is older than that… But he was young when he was infected so he doesn't count."

Levi considered pretending to be crazy in order to try reducing his own worth as a research subject.
But he was worried that by acting the part he would somehow end up making it true.

Besides… The fact that he had lasted as long as he did, meant that he was already rather valuable regardless of anything else that might happen.
So he figured that he might as well be open and honest about his current mental state.

Despite the ever present paranoia, Levi's mental health was actually improving strangely enough.
Though that shouldn't have been a very large accomplishment, considering how bad off he had been before.

The biggest positive influence was definitely the steady progress he had made in learning how to walk and talk again.
Though the fact that they started letting Ben visit him again was also helpful.
Even if he did treat him like he was made of delicately stacked dominos, and was barred from bringing him anything whatsoever.

Just the mere fact that he was allowed to talk with a friend that he thought he would never get to see again gave him hope.

And he needed hope.
Now more than ever.

"-which makes me wonder what they're plannin' on doin' with all of those… are you even listenin' to me?"

Levi had not been listening to him. 
Instead he had been fantasizing about swimming again, while slowly dozing off.
"What? Oh. Sory abowt that… You wer sayng?" He murmured as he tried to shake the drowsiness from his creepy black and blue eyes. 

Levi probably could have used less words, as talking was still uncomfortably difficult.
But he was determined to practice as much as he could, and besides, it wasn't like it took him fifteen seconds to say each and every word anymore.
True he did have a thick chaotic accent, like something one would expect to hear from a talking sea lion in a nightmare.
But through countless hours of talking to himself, he had finally managed to get to a point where speaking didn't feel or sound like he was trying to solve a rubix cube with his throat.

Ben put his glove up to the same level as his mask in a dismissive gesture and said "Ah it's nothin' really. Just wonderin' why they're in such a rush to prep a new level of the facility."

"An other?" Levi straightened up at that "Can they evem do that? I thawt for shore we wer as deep as it got."

"That'd probably be true if they were usin' normal excavation techniques and drills." Ben leaned in conspiratorially "But word in the pit is that they're usin' a twelver artifact to clear the place out for construction."

That news made Levi recoil a little. 
Not out of fear or disgust, but simply out of surprise.
"Reelly?" 

It wasn't as if he had never heard of twelver magic before, because he had.
It was just that he just didn't know what made it different from the other forms of magic.

Twelver, tenner, thirteenth... and some other one that didn't fit in with the sequence… six or five or something.
From what he gathered those were the four known types of magic.
And it seemed that no one he talked to could tell him what the differences between them were.

Well... Except for thirteenth magic.
That stuff was bad news apparently.

But did that mean that twelver magic was the good kind?

What type was strange matter associated with?

Was it really safe to be using magic to dig out the tunnels needed for their subterranean building endeavors?

Levi put aside those questions, as well as many others.
Very few people even knew the answers to them, and those that did weren't about to tell him of all people.
Besides… He wasn't even sure he wanted to know.
That kind of knowledge was surprisingly dangerous after all.

Ben nodded. "That's what I heard anyway, but you might want to ask Lance next time you see him. Nobody tells me nothin'. I'm always the last to know these sorts a things."

"I'll be sure to do that, tanks." Levi said idly as his thoughts drifted back to the water again. 

Swimming had been… an amazing experience.
But it had left an uncomfortable mark on Levi's psyche.
Because despite how right it felt at the time, it was also the most inhuman he had ever felt.

And that terrified him more than anything.

Because despite it all, he still wanted to swim.
He wanted it so badly. 
But he felt that if he were to give into that craving then he would be setting himself down a slippery slope from which he could not return.  

A tempting path to insanity.

The sound of the door clattering open stopped Levi from nodding off, and brought his thoughts back to the here and now.

Ben turned to address the figure stepping into the cell "Oh hey, it's that you Lance?"

"Do you just think that all black people look the same? Or are you trying to flatter me by implying that I'm taller than I am?" Ryan teased.

"Oh! Mr. Weatherfall... sir." Ben stammered. 

Levi couldn't really see much in the way of color through the tinted visors that they wore, but he could still imagine Ben's freckled cheeks turning red as he waved his arm back and forth. "No no, it's not like that at all! It's just that... These suits make it really hard to see people's faces and-"

"Relax I'm just messing with you." Ryan interjected. "Yeesh, I forgot how touchy you Americans are about race."

It was about this time that Levi noticed that Ryan was conspicuously holding his arms behind his back. 
He probably brought a gift of some sort with him, so it would be really rude if Levi were to fall asleep right here and now before he got a chance to see what it was. 

…Really rude… But also rather likely...

When was the last time he got a full night's sleep?
It was hard to keep track of time when underground, but he had a tablet with a clock that he had gotten into the unhealthy habit of over checking.

Even with his more charitable estimations, Levi still had to admit that the last time he slept for more than four hours at a time was when he was accidentally overdosed on experimental super tranquilizers.
 
Maybe he could request another dose from the coats…
At this point the health risks might actually be worth it, just to keep his eyes shut for once.

"I don't get why people think that is inherently racist anyway." Ryan scoffed and broke into his typical high speed rambling. 
"For example… I can't tell white people apart save for their hair and gender. Does that mean I think any less of them? Of course not, that would be idiotic. I'm the one who is failing to see the difference after all."
He paused for just a moment, thoughtfully adding "And I know it's not that you all look the same, because other people can tell you apart just fine."

There was a joke coming.
Levi knew Ryan well enough to know his little rant was only half genuine.
The other half was the setup to a bad pun or peice of wordplay if he were to try and guess. 

Ryan gestured at Levi "Levi here is the only white guy I could pick out in a crowd. And that's only because I've been working with him for three years, because he is one of my best friends, and because he's an eight foot tall blue drain dragon!"

There it was. 
Levi rolled his eyes, but couldn't help but smile a little.

Ben though looked downright confused, and like he couldn't quite decide if he should be offended or not.
Ryan walked past him, while chuckling at his own joke.

"Hey Levi." He said "That reminds me. I got some things with me that I think you'll like."

Levi gave him a suspicious look "Do the whyt coats know?"

Ryan nodded emphatically. 
"Oh yeah, it's all approved don't worry. In fact, one of these is from them."
With that he pulled his hands out from behind his back to reveal two boxes, unprofessionally wrapped up in plane colored paper.
He smiled "I'm the one who wrapped them though."

Ben sat up straighter and grinned, all discomfort from earlier suddenly forgotten.
"Oh hey! Is that what I think it is?"

Ryan winked to him then looked back at Levi.
"Happy birthday sport."

Levi furrowed his brow. 
"But that was mon'ths ago… Wasnt it?"

He was nearly about to fall into a mini, self doubting, panic spiral when Ryan nodded his head.
"Yeah, but you were in your coma at the time. So I figured these could be your very *very* late birthday presents."

"Or early." Ben suggested helpfully. 

Ryan handed Levi one of the boxes with a warm smile.
"Go on. Open it."

Levi gingerly took the yellow box and nodded gratefully.
He would have been teary eyed if his eyes still did that. 

The rather lightweight box was a little smaller than three one dozen egg cartons placed side by side, and was covered in colored paper that was quite clearly not intended for present wrapping.
 
Levis claws made for a rather spectacular tearing of the paper.
Then he opened the unmarked cardboard box and his eyes widened.

"Oh!"
It was all he could think to say once he realized what it was that he was looking at.
Inside of the box was a pair of brand new beige shorts.
They were clearly the work of a quality craftsman, but despite that there was just something really odd about them.  

Sure their most obviously out of place feature was the large elastic rimmed opening in the back.
But just as bizarre was the fact that all of the stitches were placed or angled in slightly abnormal ways that subtly changed their overall shape.

They wouldn't properly fit any human alive, but that was fine.
Because that was not who they were designed for.
Instead they had been tailored to fit a monster.

An overwhelmingly grateful monster who couldn't cry the tears he felt. 
"Th.. thank you!" He choked.

Both Ryan and Ben were grinning from ear to ear but it was Ryan who spoke.
"Well? Aren't you going to put them on."

Levi looked down and remembered that he was naked.
He repositioned his legs to be a bit more modest and coughed politely.
"Turn round first?" 

Ben immediately did just that, but Ryan rolled his eyes and threw up his arms in an exasperated half shrug before complying with the request.
"You know, it's not like we haven't all seen you naked already Levi."

Levi pressed his lips together into a firm line. 
That was a fair point, though he couldn't decide on whether that fact made the gift more valuable to him or less. 
"Just don't turn a round till I say."

Levi sat down on the floor, grabbed the end of his tail, and threaded it through the hole in the back.
Once that was done, he pulled his legs through their proper places one at a time, while momentarily crunching up his feet so that his talons would be less likely to snag on the fabric.

The button and zipper were also a bit of a chore to deal with.
Though that was entirely due to Levi's lack of fine motor skills.

Once he was done putting them on Levi's back was on the floor and he was somehow a bit exhausted from the whole ordeal.
But despite the momentary frustration he still wore an unnecessarily toothy grin that stretched from one end of his snout to the other. 
"Okay. Youkcan turn round now!"

"Hey. There you go, that looks good."
Ryan declared as Ben offered Levi a gloved hand, and pulled him up to his feet.

The fabric was comfortable on his scales, and it had a highly breathable, flexible quality to it that reminded him of a swimsuit.

Levi took a tentative step forward, then turned around, then went into a crouch, and just generally experimented with moving around in them.
All the while his tail swished back and forth at a happy but hazardous pace.

"So do you like them? How do they fit?" Ryan asked.
He could read Levi's excitement, and he matched it to a certain degree, but he also seemed just a little bit nervous.
"If it doesn't work for you in some way then I suppose we can always send it back to be refitted."

Swept up in the moment Levi threw caution to the wind and gave Ryan a passionate hug.
"They're purfect... Thank you."

Ben dodged back a step to avoid Levi's tail.
Then in a moment it was his turn for a hug, and Ryan's turn to back up.
"Whoaw! Watch where you're flicking that thing."

After a very quick but sincere apology, Levi just had to ask.
"Who mayd these? One off the hats?"

It was Ben who explained "We all pitched in some money and had them custom made by a well rated cosplay artist in California."

Ryan nodded while tapping his chin "I think her internet name is Echo Fox... Echo Floof? Eon Fox? I don't know, it was something like that."

Levi beamed "Well tell her she did a good job for me."

"Well that might be a bit awkward." Ben scratched at the back of his neck, making his suit produce an unpleasant crinkling sound. "You see we were understandably a bit dodgy when it came to answering questions about what the pants were for."

Levi blinked "So? How does that stop you from congadulntin… congadj… k-ron-gra-dule-ate-ing…"
He pursed his lips then gave up on that particular word for now. 
"Saying they work well?"

"I suppose it doesn't" Ben admitted "But it does make the whole transaction... Weirder than it already is." 

Levi gave him a flat look.
"She's apparnty someon you can go too if you need a pair of shors for a lizerd man. How normal can she be?"

"Eh. Fair point."

The two of them watched as Levi happily walked around some more.
It was somewhat silly all things considered.
But at the same time, it was also important.

Clothes were one of those things which helped signify the separation between man and beast after all. 
So even though they didn't change anything about him, he still felt like he was somehow more human while wearing them.

And that was priceless to him. 

Levi walked around in a shaky half circle until he lost control, and his legs gave out from under him. 
He fell to the ground in a moment of physical disorientation.
An experience that was all too familiar to him at this point.

Ben and Ryan tensed up for a moment when Levi collapsed, but they relaxed when they saw that he was smiling and laughing in his own monstrously chortling way.

"Careful" they both said in near unison.

"I'm fine." Levi said.
He was already starting to stand up again.
All hints of his extreme tiredness had faded away under his excitement, and he felt prepared to do something crazy, like attempting to climb a set of stairs.

Thankfully for his health there were no stairs in his cell, so he settled for doing some more basic walking excesses.

Then after his third or fourth fall he stopped and turned to his friends. 
His eyes were dry, but you could still see the tears in them.
"This meanz more to me then you know… thank you so much… to all've you... for everythimn."
He spoke softly which admittedly made it harder to hear what he was saying with his more animalistic, inexperienced, and highly cumbersome voice.

But even if they couldn't hear him, they could still understand him.

There was silence for a while after that. 
Not awkward silence though, more of a quiet reverence in which no words had to be spoken for them to understand each other.

Predictably, it was Ryan who eventually broke the silence.
"Well you should probably open the one from the coats now."
He said while holding up a pink box that was about a third the size of the first one.

Levi looked at it with interest and a hopeful smile.
"Is it a shert?"

Ryan laughed and shook his head.
"Wouldn't that be something?"
He gingerly passed the box to Levi with a grin.
"As I said earlier, this one is from the white coats. So you should probably expect them to get you something a little more practical than clothes for your birthday."

Levi was eager to see what was inside of the second gift, until Ryan reminded him of who it was from, and he suddenly lost all of his enthusiasm.

Ryan noticed Levi's hesitation and did his best to reassure him.
"Yeah I know. But don't worry about it. You'll like this one. Trust me."

"Really?" Ben asked as he sat up a little to get a better view "Well gosh, now I'm curious."

"Oh… kay then… If you say so." Levi said reluctantly as peeled back the pink paper.

Inside the plainly decorated cardboard box was an ambiguous oblong shape wrapped up in an excessive amount of wax paper.
Levi picked up the strange brick of paper and begin unwrapping it like a roll of tissue.
As he did, he noticed more and more details about what was inside. 

It was a pinkish orange color.

It was soft like a biscuit.

It was warm to the touch.

It was staining the paper with some kind of grease.

It was…

Levi's eyes went wide as he simply stared at the freshly cooked fillet of salmon colored fish in his hands.
His tail stopped dead still, his heartbeat picked up, his spines slowly began to stand on end, his ears flattened to his skull...

And his mouth began to water at the delicious smell.

"Surprise!" Ryan beamed, seemingly oblivious to the internal conflict that the meat had sparked in him. 
"Yeah I know. Unseasoned fish is a far cry from birthday cake. But at least it's something different from than that weird slushy stuff they've been feeding you. Am I right?"

Levi couldn't argue with that.
It had been so long since he had eaten real food, and longer still since he had eaten food that wasn't inexplicably poisonous to him.

Additionally, he was sick of the nutrient gel.
Sure the thick and oddly chalky substance wasn't too unpleasant, but the sheer over exposure to the stuff had made Levi literally dread the thought of meal times.

And yet despite this, he was paralyzed by a greater dread. 

No one said or did anything for a heartbeat or three, which Ryan took as an invitation to keep talking.
"You see. The coats want to slowly expand the list of things that they know you can eat without complications. I guess they decided to start with fish because it's generally healthy while also being calorically dense. I guess they decided salt and pepper were too many variables for the first try. But I'm sure the next few fishes they send your way will have more and more added to them."

Ben owned two dogs and a cat, Levi knew.
Perhaps that was why he was quicker to pick up on his body language than Ryan.
"Is somethin' wrong Levi?"

"I…" a drop of saliva nearly fell out of his mouth as he opened it to speak "I can't eat this."
It pained his heart to say it out loud, but it had to be said.

Ryan was understandably confused "What? Why not?"

"I'm sure the coats didn't season it with anythin' potentially harmful if that's what ya're worried about." Ben helpfully supplied, with a clear bit of guilt coloring his tone.

Levi shook his head vigorously, yet it only moved slightly.
"Not that… I'm sure ifs fine but…" 
He couldn't take his eyes off of the fish, and the smell was driving him mad.

He longed to stuff the whole thing in his mouth and scarf it down in one go.
Either that or tear it up into tiny pieces, and eat it as slowly as possible so as to savor every bite. 

But…

Levi's heart ached and pounded as he wrapped the fish back up with shaking claws.
"I… cant. Ich not… It's not right. I'm sorry."

His poor explanation only made them more confused, he could tell.
But what else was he supposed to say?
How else could he share the fears which gripped him?

He was in a war with himself.
He had been ever since he fell asleep in his shower and realized that he was addicted to the feeling of water on his scales.
The fish was just another temptation in the endless battle between his desires, and his fears.
Albeit a much harder one to resist. 

His whole body shivered and his stomach twisted in and out of knots as he handed the gift back.

"Ya sure?" Ben asked.
He sounded dumbfounded, like he couldn't believe what had just happened.

Levi nodded grimly, and very slowly shuffled over to his bed.
He had done it. 
Somehow he had managed to muster up the willpower needed to refuse the meat.

Levi thought he should feel proud of that accomplishment, but he didn't.
He just felt afraid.
Afraid... and hungry.

Collapsing onto his pillow Levi began to make an odd, inhaling hissing sounds.
Neither of the blue vests in the room had any clue what that meant, but Levi had learned to recognize what his version of crying sounded like.

It was pathetic really, to cry over something like that. 
But his chest still hurt, so Levi didn't care.
It wasn't real crying anyway. 

His eyes were still dry. 

"I thought for sure that… I don't get why..." Ryan trailed off and shook his head.
Suddenly he sounded very worried "What is going on with you Levi? You've been acting a bit off for days now."

"Yeah." Ben agreed "Ya seem to be improvin' most of the time, but then out of nowhere ya'll get all jumpy and evasive."

"And you're not sleeping right." Ryan added in, only for Ben to quickly correct him "No, that's not new. He's been havin' sleepin' trouble since he came out of the coma."

Levi groaned and tried to cover his nose holes with his hands.
He could still smell the fish.
"I m just going threw a lot right now. Plese dont fight me on this. I don't want to talk about it at the mo-ment."

Ryan looked at the fish, then at Ben who just shrugged at him.
Neither of them knew what was going on.
They waited for Levi to explain.
But he just went to lay down on his bed, his back facing towards them.

Once again it was Ryan who spoke first.
"You know… When I said this was a gift from the coats well… ugh..."
He shuffled his feet awkwardly.
"I don't think it's something you're really… allowed to say no to. Ya know?"

Levi sighed.
He was afraid that might be the case.
"Can yew try it four me? Plese?"

Ryan sucked in his lips and nodded.
"Why not? Worth a shot right? I mean… you never know until you ask. Er… just give me a moment while i call them."

He flicked out his DP and started dialing.
Then he held it up to his ear. 
It didn't take him long to establish a connection.
"Hi… Can I talk with the Whit- I mean… With the researcher who assigned me with today's special feeding of Project: Leviathan? Thank you… yes… I'll hold..."

Ben and Levi both sat around awkwardly for a few seconds as they watched Ryan wait on the phone.
At last he spoke again, his voice quick and to the point.
"Ah, hello Dr. Kodinada. There appears to be a complication with the assignment you gave me… No, nothing like that… Well you see um. Levi- sorry. Project: Leviathan doesn't seem interested in eating the fish in the first place… Yes I get that… Well I tried, but he really doesn't want to for some reason… I don't know. He doesn't seem inclined to say… He asked me to ask if it would be okay for him not to… Hold on I'll ask him…"

Ryan lowered the DP a bit, turned towards him and asked.
"Hey Levi. They want to know what's wrong with it. They're also asking if there are any other types of high fat fish that you would be willing to try."

Levi shook his head.
"No fish at all pleace. Or meet in genrall. But a speshally naut fish."

Both Ben and Ryan looked at each other in confusion.
Then back at Levi.
In unison they both asked.
"But why though?"

"I… Don't want to? It's not… Not right..."
Levi struggled to convey the tangled mess of emotions bubbling up in his heart. 

Ryan looked dumbfounded.
"Not right? Levi... Have you seen your teeth? Those chompers were clearly made for meat my friend."

Levi smacked his lips irritably.
His teeth were indeed quite sharp, but that wasn't the point!
He grumbled under his breath as he tried to think of a way to format his reasoning.

It doesn't feel human?
No.
My body wants it too much for me to feel comfortable giving into it? 
No.
I feel a strong pull towards eating meat and that scares me?
No.
I don't want to start eating people and this is one step closer to-

Levi paused.
All of his reasons sounded so paranoid and illogical when put into words.
But at the same time... 
Emotions were fickle and illogical things.

How he felt was how he felt, regardless of how little sense it made.

Which is why in some ways, the best reason he had to give, was the first one. 
"I don't want to."

"What do you mean you don't want to?" Ryan complained, clearly frustrated and also a bit concerned "No matter how much you don't like fish, you've still got to admit that it has to be better than the nutrition gel they're been feeding you."

Levi folded his arms and grumped like a child
He was determined not to budge on this issue, out of spite if nothing else.
He had lost all inclination to cooperate with the system ever since his child got a target painted on his back.
The only reason why he was cooperating with them in the first place was because he wanted them to leave his family alone.
And that got tossed out the window the moment he became a person of interest.

Or had it?

Riley was still at home.
She hadn't been taken yet.
Was that a courtesy afforded to her only because of his ongoing cooperation?
Surly not…
The DUD never did anything out of courtesy. 

There must be a cold and logical reason why they weren't pursuing that avenue of research. 
He just didn't know what it was for the moment.
Was it something he could control or influence in some way?
It really didn't feel like it anymore. 

He used to think that staying with the DUD working for the Redgate Project was his best chance at protecting his family.
But these days? …he just felt helpless…

"Can I juss… not?"
Levi sighed, though he already knew what the answer was going to be.

Ryan did too, though that didn't stop him from diligently trying to get the coat to reconsider.

Ben just sat on the sidelines, listening to the one way conversation while trying to figure out what was going on.

Eventually though Ryan just sagged his shoulders and signed.
"Yes sir… understood sir."
Then he turned around and threw up his hands in defeat.
"Sorry Levi… It looks like we're doing this either way. Are you sure you don't want to just eat the fish for my sake if nothing else? Otherwise I'm going to have to get forceful, and I really don't want to have to tranqu you. You feeling me?"

Ryan winced at how much that sounded like a threat.
Though it was more a warning than anything.
Letting him know what was going to happen whether he liked it or not.

Levi wiped some drool from his mouth and assessed his options.
Then sighed, and nodded once.
"Okay…"

Both the blue vests in the room breathed sighs of relief, and Ryan began unwrapping the fish again before Levi held up his hand to stop him. 
"Trangk me first pls. I don't wanto be wake when I eet that if I can help it."

"What? Levi." for just a moment Ryan was at a loss for words. 
He was getting increasingly frustrated, upset, and concerned in equal parts.
"What the hell is going on with you? Why are you being so difficult all of a sudden? I thought you'd be ecstatic to get something normal to eat for once."

"I'm sure the coats know what they're doin' and wouldn't give ya anythin' that would make ya sick or nothin'." Ben added helpfully. 
A look of guilt flickering over his hidden face for a moment. 

Ryan just nods his agreement with that as his voice gets more angry.
"I took the time to wrap it up like a Christmas present for heaven's sake. I really really really thought you'd like it. I'm certain that I saw you drooling. So I'm a bit confused as to why you're trying to send it back. Are you trying to be rebellious or what? Because I'm telling you know there are better ways to do it."

Levi gave him a fiat look.
"Jst shoot me pls... Ill be fine."

Ryan made a strangled sound as he looked at Ben in disbelief.
Then he swore in frustration as he practically staggered around in a loose three hundred and sixty degrees circle.
Before once again settling to be facing Levi again.

"Really? This is what you want? You want me to shoot you full of potentially dangerous drugs? Ones that knocked you out for days last time you took them. Just so that you can… what? Stick it to the man? Annoy the suits? Buck authority? Inconvenience the costs? This is stupid Levi. Just eat the dumb fish and be done with it."

Levi hesitated for a bit.
But he was sick of just going along with everything.
So he just spread out his arm, welcoming whatever was to come next, daring him to get it over with.

Faced with this Ryan sighed, pulled up his MPF, changed the settings on it, and aimed.
"You've changed Levi… And not just on the outside either."

His words struck Levi far harder than the dart did.
He stumbled backwards, all of that bitter defiance gone in an instant.

But it wasn't the drugs which had shaken him.

Ryan hasn't bothered tasering him first, it wouldn't have even done anything if he did.
Levi's new body was immune to electrical currents.
To him, getting electrocuted felt comfortable at best, and like really fast pins and needles at its absolute worst.

As fast acting as they were, the drugs could not take him out instantly.
So Levi had a few minutes before his brain stopped working.

Plenty and enough time for him to rip his throat out with his teeth if he really wanted to.
And that was something which made him extraordinarily uncomfortable whenever he thought about it.

Levi didn't remember falling, but his head was on the ground now.
The world was spinning, and his heart was literally pounding up a storm.
He couldn't remember why he was so afraid.

And as he spaced out for just a second he found himself walking up on his bed again.
A horrible lump stuck in his throat.

Levi swallowed hard a few times until the feeling went away.
It was only after doing that that he noticed how his mouth tasted different.
He smacked good lips together a few times before he remembered what had led up to him getting drugged.

They shoved the fish down his throat!
He could still taste some of it stuck to his teeth.

He expected that they would, but still.
He felt almost a bit violated, and disappointed that he couldn't taste the fish himself.
But resisting them and his urges was what he chose to do.

Obviously they still got their way in the end, but at least he tried.

Levi grunted as he twisted around and sat himself upright.

No one else was in his room anymore.
Liked as he was, he didn't have visitors all the time.
His friends and comrades still had lives to lead, where as he… didn't...
Not any more…

He was dead..

That was what they had told everyone outside.
And with each passing hour, that statement seemed less and less like a lie to him.
Levi moped around for a while as the drugs wore off.
But he did eventually get bored, so he did the only thing he felt he could.

He stood up.

He had accomplished that many times by this point.
But even still, the simple yet weirdly complex task of standing made his heart beat faster with a rush of adrenaline.

He was… shaky… and unsteady.
Much like a newborn deer, or a very young human child.

Levi wondered if Riley was old enough to be standing yet.
He certainly hoped that he was better at it than she was.

Either way it didn't matter.
He was improving rapidly, so he would eventually outpace her.
Mostly because he had the will and determination to do so. 

But for now he could stand somewhat reliably and even walk a couple steps unsupported.
If he made use of the hand holds then he could do a full lap around his tiny room in just a little over half an hour.

Maddeningly slow.
But worth it for the sense of self improvement.
He couldn't bear to stand still and do nothing.

When he was too physically mixed up to continue then he would retire to his bed and practice speaking.

That was the new normal for him.
And that was how he passed the time these days.

Sometimes he would give in and watch a movie on his DP or something.
But he always felt restless unless he was actively working towards improving his capabilities to function.

Eventually though, his endless treadmill of training was interrupted by someone dropping by to give him more food.

A large imposing shape that could only be Gerald Hothorn stepped into the room.
In his hands he held a small cardboard box.

"Hi..." he grunted with a nod as he opened the box and pulled out a slice of pink fish. "Food."

Levi took a step back and wiped drool from his mouth.
"This agan?"

"Yep…" Gerald nodded as he took a step forward. "Get used to it."

"I…" he fumbled for words then sighed. "Fine… But youre goin to hafe to keep druaging me."

Gerald shook his head as he kept moving forward.
"No drugs. Too much too often is bad for you."

"Then werr'at impass?"
He tried weakly as he took another step back and nearly lost his balance.
It occurred to Levi that the man wasn't stopping in his advance. 

Gerald narrowed his eyes behind his protective suit before picking up speed and lunging at him.

Levi squeaked in surprise and spun around to try to run away, but he was far too slow and clumsy to evade the man grabbing him by the arm.

Unafraid and undeterred, he pulled Levi into a bear hug and wrestled against his thrashing limbs.

Levi was taller than him now, and his new body wasn't exactly weak for all that it was uncoordinated.

But Gerald was not a small man by any means.
He was still built like a brick, wider than him, and was noticeably more muscular.

Levi's body was longer, slimmer, and smoother.
His anatomy strung together with a snake like strength in mind.
Powerful yes, but not something that really lent itself as well to raw brute force.

"WARURUING?" Levi yowled as he was grappled down to the ground.
He didn't even have the time to try to speak clearly. 

Lightning stormed around and sparks lit up the scene with harsh blue light.
But Gerald only flinched before grabbing Levi by the snout and trying to force his mouth open. 

This wasn't like Gerald at all!
Sure the man was always a bit of a brute, and he was no stranger to knocking people around.

But he usually had a healthy amount of fear for jumpers and magic in general.
The man was cautious, he didn't take stupid risks like trying to wrestle with an electrified FBT.
Even in a protective suit that was just insane!
Levi couldn't understand why he was doing it.

And for what?

A soft if crumpled piece of cooked fish was stuffed into Levi's mouth as it was held open.
And then Gerald's grip immediately shifted from prying his jaw open, to clamping it shut.

Levi squealed helplessly, and struggled in frankly unnecessary panic as the dripping pulp of cooked but unseasoned flesh settled on the flat of his tongue.

He couldn't spit it out, all he could do was push it forward in his mouth and then pull his tongue as far back as it would go.

But it was too late.
He had already tasted it.
And it tasted absolutely delicious.

He was salivating uncontrollably by this point. 
The more animalistic side of his brain wanted nothing more than to swallow it whole.
But everything else in him was screaming no.

It was no longer a question of whether it was logical or not anymore.
He didn't want to be forced to do something against his will.
He was terrified of losing control, and none of this was helping him be more comfortable giving in to what his foreign instincts wanted him to do.

"Shih shhh shhhhh… I'm not going to hurt you."
Gerald grumbled as he removed one hand from Levi's snout and massaged his throat instead.
"Just eat your fish. And stop acting like a child."

Levi tried to scream his outrage.
He actually managed to crack his mouth open a bit and press out some small shavings of fish before both hands were clamping it shut again.

"Now don't you get sassy with me."
Gerald warned, as he roughly lifted Levi's head up to face him.
"I'd rather not do this all day. But I will if I have to."

Levi panicked as he tried to struggle free.
There was lightning everywhere but Gerald wasn't paying it any mind.
But what if it struck him?
Levi couldn't control his powers at all, and he didn't know if a rubber suit would be enough to withstand it's fury.

True he thought it was only fear which seemed harmless enough.
But what about hatred and anger?
That could kill, of that he was sure.
What he wasn't sure about was whether he felt any anger right now.

Petty outrage certainly.
But was that really the same thing as the black hatred which had brought on the dangerous discharges of energy before?
The kind that had charred his floor and ceiling?

That… probably wasn't right…
Or at least it didn't feel correct to him.
Honestly it was impossible to tell.

He had technically been like this for almost a year now, but his powers were still basically new because he had only very recently been awake enough for them to be active.

No one knew how they worked exactly.
It might all be one big illusion for all anyone knew.
But Levi wasn't about to risk Gerald's life on that notion.

Every second that the two of them spent locked together in a high stress situation like this increased the risk that something would go horribly wrong.
And if it did then Gerald would be the one to pay for it.

So there honestly was little else for him to do.
Eventually the fear of giving in became less intense than the fear of harming the man pinning him to the ground.
And Levi reluctantly capitulated and let himself swallow the fish.

He tried not to savor it.
Not to taste it as it slid down his throat.
Levi thought he might choke on it because of how quickly he tried to get it over with.
And he did scuff a little, but it was just a bit of mild coughing.

His throat was larger than it should have been.
It made it easier to swallow things whole.
Probably too compensate for the fact that he could barely chew anything with his molarless teeth.

Gerald loosed his grip and firmly patted Levi on the back without another word.
Checking the inside of his mouth before transitioning his hold on him from restraining to supportive.

Levi's whole body shook, and he sobbed in his own monstrously hissing, chortling sort of way. 

He kept swallowing.
Trying to wash down the remaining flakes of fish in his mouth.
But again, it was too late.
He had already tasted it.
He was still tasting it.

And even in that moment, despite the fear, the violation, and all the other negative feelings that should have tainted the memory.
It was still the most delicious thing he had ever eaten. 

Gerald waited.
Awkwardly patting his back and trying to comfort him.

Levi sensed a bit of guilt in him, but it was the same sort of guilt that a parent might feel after punishing a child.
Somewhat regretful but confidant in that he had done the right thing.

Levi covered his face and sobbed.
He kept waiting for Gerald to say something.
To explain himself.
But he never did.

At last it was Levi who had to ask.
"Why dyou do it?"
His words immediately followed by a distressed inhuman hissing sound.

Gerald made a disinterested huffing sound.
Though after a while he did speak.
"You're being an idiot."

"Escuse me?" Levi balked in disbelief.

Gerald gave him a soft flick on the ear.
Which actually hurt!
It seemed his new ears were as sensitive as they were unusual. 

"You heard me. I said you were being an idiot." Gerald clarified sternly. "You're eating fish now. As well as anything else the costs decide to give you. No more of this starving yourself business."

"I wasn't-"

Gerald cut him off.
"And we're not going to drug you every time either. You're an idiot if you thought we would."

Levi blushed a bit under his scales.
The discoloration couldn't be seen through the blue, but his expression was more readable than he would have liked.

Faces were deceptively complex things.
And he didn't really understand his own well enough to express anything other than his genuine emotions.

Which right now were a muddled mix of embarrassment, indignation, anger, shame, fear, guilt, frustration, exhaustion, and depression.

Levi hesitated for a while before asking.
"Can't I eat goo bags still?"
His face scrunched up in clear disgust as he said it, which kinda undercut the strength of his plea.

Gerald shrugged.
"You could. But the coats want you to eat solid foods again. They're going to be adding to the list of things on the menu over time. So it won't always be fish."

"Other meats?"
Levi whined, though neither of them could really tell what he was hoping the answer would be.

Gerald gave him a very flat look.
"You're not a vegan Levi..."

The man had a rather unfavorable opinion of vegans.
One that was erroneously based on over the top stereotypes more than anything.

Levi shifted uncomfortably as the drama died down and the electricity in the air began to slowly subside.
"I… No, but that dosent mean… I still dont…"
He folded his arms and huffed like a toddler throwing a fit.
"I just don't wanto."

"Why?"
Gerald's voice was stern and direct.
He expected an answer and was clearly planning on judging the validity of his reasoning.

Finally Levi blurted it out.
"Behcause whhat if I can't stop?"

Gerald blinked a few times. 
"Can't stop what?"

Levi made a strangled sound.
"Eaten meet."
Wasn't it obvious?

Levi clutched at his sides with his claws and curled up into a ball.
Slowly he rocked back and forth as he explained. 
"My body wants thins Garld. Things that arnt normil for it to want… and… I'm scard whatill happem if I give in to that littl voyss."

Gerald leaned back.
Almost offended.
"If your body wants meat, then eat meat. Nothing wrong with that. It's good for you."

With a sigh he leans back in sand pats him slowly on the shoulder.
"Though... I think I get it now. I think I know what's bothering you."

"You do?"
Levi gave him a hopeful look.

Gerald nodded sagely before nudging him on the arm.
"Yeah… You're an animal now. You've got these brand new animal instincts telling you what to do. And you don't know how to handle them."

"Thas not..." Levi flushed and fell silent.
Because that was exactly what was happening.

The large man just barked a laugh.
"It's okay. Better to be an animal than to be dead."
So saying he reached over and started affectionately scratching him behind one ear.

It did not feel good at all.
It was similar to how it would feel if someone started tapping his nose back when he was human.

Levi shot his friend an annoyed glare.
He wasn't a dog, or a cat, or a pet of any kind.
He was still a person even if he wasn't human.

And it wasn't like humans weren't animals themselves.
They had instincts too, everyone did.

What scared him wasn't the compulsions themselves.
It was the idea that indulging in them might awaken something else in him.
Something he hadn't even realized was there until it was too late.

"What if eye start waning more tan just fish?' 
Levi spoke very slowly.
For once not out of necessity, but instead to simply get a point across.
He turned to Gerald.
"What if I start wanting to hort peeple?"

Gerald leaned back an inch and regarded his friend.
"...do you?..."
He asked bluntly, more curious than concerned.
Though that wasn't to say he was overly relaxed around Levi either.

Levi lowered his head.
"I don't… know… I don' think I do… not now..."
He choked back tears and his lips curled back into a fearful grimace as he continued.
"But what if I start?"

He looked down at himself again.
His clawed monstrous hands still seemed unfamiliar and foreign to him.
"Whot if I go crazy and try to kil you?"

Gerald shrugged.
"Then I kill you first."
He didn't say it like a threat, but it wasn't a joke or a cheeky remark either.
It was simply a straightforward answer to his question.

Levi tilted his head to one side.
"Juss like that?"

"Just like that."
Gerald echoed, before simply giving him a sympathetic look and saying.
"No offense mind, but if you get violent with me I'm not going to waste time trying to talk sense into you. I'ma go straight to the shooting. And I'll keep putting bullets in you until you are willing to stop, or unable to keep going."

It was…. Harsh… And brutally honest.
But it was also totally fair.
Gerald valued his own life more than Levi's.
And why shouldn't he?

They were just friends at the end of the day.
Not even super close friends either.
Levi didn't blame him honestly.

Though he couldn't help but feel just a little less safe around him.
Perhaps irrationally so.
If he went crazy and attacked Gerald then he would be beyond saving anyway.

He had specifically made Lance promise to put him down in that situation as well.
So it wasn't like he was against the idea.

Honestly it was more just a gut reaction at how casual he was about it. 
But the more Levi thought about it the more he realized that he was actually okay with the threat.
In fact it made him feel more secure in a weird, nearly masochistic sort of way.

Not for his own safety, but for the safety of others.

"Okay."
Levi said softly with a nod.

Gerald looked at him for a bit before giving him a gentle punch on the arm.
"Cheer up. You'll be fine. Just stop being a moron alright?"

"Okay…" Levi repeated.

Gerald leaned in.
"That means you're going to eat food when it's given to you right? Especially if it tastes good to you?"

"okay….."
Levi barely whispered the word this time.
His spirit and his drive had been broken down on multiple fronts.

For his part Gerald seemed at a loss for what to say next.
Eventually settling on a clumsy and awkward.
"Well…ugh, good."

Looking a little lost he glanced around the room before standing up and dusting his pants off.
"Now that that is settled. I've got work that needs doing... Bye."

With that he rather unceremoniously left.
Going back to work as if he had fixed the problem.

For his part Levi just lied down on the floor and contemplated what he was going to do next.
He also considered whether or not he should still consider Gerald to be his friend or not.
He honestly wasn't entirely sure after that stunt.

Even if he was only doing what he thought was best for him in the long run.

A true friend wouldn't have forced him like that.
But Gerald was never very good with words.

Levi groaned as he realized that his fear of succumbing to his base urges were most likely a topic of hot debate down at the barracks.
He felt embarrassed at that for some reason.

And that got him wondering...
Were his fears actually grounded in anything?
Did he actually have reason to be afraid of letting go?

He… Still remembered the taste.
He kept catching himself running his tongue against his teeth.
Searching for any remaining scraps.

Levi hadn't been hungry before Gerald visited him but now…

It didn't matter.
They were going to make him eat fish and other meats from now on anyway.
So he might as well actually let himself enjoy it next time.

And there most certainly would be a next time.
Levi kept a close eye on his thoughts and behaviors over the next few weeks.
Almost to the point of obsession.

He developed a dependency on meat, just as he feared he would.
But he eventually did accept the obvious fact that his hunger was… well... normal.

His body was not something honed and sharpened by evolution, so it was a bit facetious to say that his body was designed to eat primarily meat.

Instead his body was more… colorful.
More akin to that of a monster from a dream.
Or a child's imagination made real.

And that childish logic had whimsically decided that he should have sharp teeth like a crocodile.
After that some other force had decided to fill in the blanks and give him a digestive tract that was better suited for meat than plant mater.

Though he was still an omnivore.
Levi's stomach was capable of processing far more than what his teeth could.
Because when you got down to it, his body was a patchwork of different things.
Different ideas that didn't exactly need to make sense when combined.

With this in mind Levi tried to chew on one of the pieces of potato he had been given.
It was like an unsalted french fry that had been baked instead of fried. 
And it was criminally bland.

Up and down went his jaw, but he found that he had an easier time just squishing it against the roof of his mouth with his tongue.

The coats were slowly adding new things to his diet for him to try, and it seemed starchy foods were the flavor of the day. 

Levi theorized that they were doing it on purpose to make him realise just how much he missed eating meat.
Not that it matters anymore.

By this point he had moved past his less than rational fear of turning into a cannibalistic monster, and was willing to just eat whatever tasted good to him.

Which nowadays just meant fish pretty much.
They had him try beef too and that was okay.
But it was not as good as fish.

Fish was… unfairly tasty to him these days.
He even got the opportunity to chug an entire bottle of cod liver oil.

Before his transformation he considered it to be a revolting dietary supplement.
But now it was an addictive treat.
As good as a milkshake or an expensive luxury ice cream.

He doubted it was healthy for him to just drink straight oil like that.
So it was probably for the best that he didn't really have access to more.
Part of him wanted to ask for some, but he refrained from bothering people about it.

Once he was done with his food he sat around for a bit and just thought about the strange predicament he had found himself in.

It had been just a little over a month since he woke up like this and yet he still felt strange.
Perhaps he would never feel entirely normal again.
If so then he would just have to get used to this displaced feeling.

Though at the same time…
It wasn't as bad as it used to be.

Levi remembered a time when even just a few minutes of him trying to move would send him into uncontrollable shaking fits.

Not anymore.

He had consistently pushed back that threshold, almost as a matter of routine.
Nowadays he actually had to take things pretty far before he got to the point where his body started freaking out.

Levi sighed as he reminisced about the good old days when everything made sense for just a few more minutes.

Then he sat up and started pacing.

Levi could walk now.

It had taken him countless hours of practice and he couldn't really do much more than shuffle about at a meandering pace.
But he had done it.

He had relearned how to walk.

The fact that he couldn't leave his small prison cell made it something of a hollow victory.
But he refused to be anything but thankful.

The ability to move around without aid was essential to his mental health.
And now that he had regained some autonomy he was feeling much much better about himself. 

He was not good at it by any stretch of the imagination.
Every single motion he made was still… well... horribly awkward and clumsy.
But he could semi reliably cross the distance of his room without falling over now.

It took him a minute or ten to do it.
But he was getting faster everyday.

He still didn't have 
He also got a few new t-shirts to wear, but his quills kept tearing holes in them.

His shorts didn't have that problem because the large tail hole in the back meant that barely any of the fabric actually covered the quills.
His tail wasn't like that of a dog or cat.
It was thick, especially by the base.

In fact it was hard to tell where his tail ended and his body began.
That was pretty normal for a reptile, but it made it really difficult to know how one was supposed to cover it.

The cosplay artist who made his shorts had very nearly left the entire backside open, but still managed to keep it relatively modest.
The design somewhat reminded Levi of an upside down baseball cap with it's built in adjustable belt that went just above the base of his tail.

The belt was thin enough that it could rest between his quills without getting speared through, even though some of the shorter quills still managed to poke into it.
But the cloth was thick enough there that his relatively soft quills couldn't puncture the layered fabric.

"Thank you."
Levi whispered to himself.

It had nearly been a month since he was given the shorts, and he was still incredibly grateful for them.
He had requested a second pair to be commissioned, and now he had two pairs to alternate between.
Which was nice.

Before this he had to go naked for a while any time he wanted to get them cleaned.
Either that or just wear them in the shower.
Which he actually didn't mind that all that much.

Back when he had skin he would have hated to have soggy clothing on.
But now that he had scales he didn't really mind things being a little damp.
In fact he very nearly preferred it.

His new body responded well to water.
He liked the way it felt on his scales and he kept dreaming about swimming.

On far more than one occasion he had wanted to ask about maybe getting some time in the pool again.
But it was an instinctual desire, so he had refused to act upon it.

Levi couldn't exactly trust any of his instincts these days.
A fact that he was painfully over aware of.
So painfully that he often dry-cried over it.

Usually it happened when he was lying on his bed, desperately trying to coax sleep into his mind.
With nothing else to occupy his thoughts but the maddening novelty of it all.
Unable to distract himself from the truth.

He wasn't human anymore.
And he never would be again.

How could he not cry at that?
At what he lost.

But he couldn't cry forever.
At some point he had to get on with his life.
To start moving.
Doing something.

Stagnation was horribly boring, and time was insidious in its ability to pressure one into finding a direction to lean towards.

Levi looked around his room with dull disinterested eyes.
He could walk around some more and do some more physical therapy.
Or he could talk to himself.

That was just his life these days and it kept him busy most of the time.
But occasionally it just got…

Boring…

Levi didn't know it was possible to feel bored and overwhelmed at the same time until after his infection.
Now though, it was nearly a constant state of being for him.

He opened his mouth to say something.
To work on his poor but improving speaking skills.
Yet when he searched his mind for some vaguely possible phrases to say, he found that he couldn't think of anything other than.

"You know what? Screw it. I'm going to watch a movie instead."

So saying, he flopped back down on his bed and started flipping through some options on his DP.

He had a limited selection to choose from, just whatever his friends downloaded on his DP since he didn't actually have a proper TV in his room yet.

Normally a cell like his would remain empty until amenities were specifically requested.
And he had yet to request anything in the vain of entertainment.

Sure he thought about it sometimes.
But there was always something more important to deal with, and he never remembered to ask when people were actually around to hear.
Since by that point he could placate his boredom by talking with them and interacting.

He kept expecting the amount of visits he got to dwindle over time.
And in fairness they did a little bit, but not nearly as much as he was expecting.

Levi had friends on the outside which afforded him a level of social interaction which so many other jumpers lacked.

He could expect to have one or two meaningful conversations a day as different people stopped by to chat and check up on him.
Most jumpers by contrast would be lucky to have one or two a week.

And yet he was lonely.

The quiet times between visits stretched on for what seemed like an eternity and ate away at his delicate sanity.
He had to fill that silence with something, anything.

And he had grown tired of filling that void with useful productive things.
He was just so weary of it all.
All he wanted was to shut his brain off and forget about the real world for a while.

To escape from himself, from his life, his troubles.
Just for a few hours he wanted to forget he existed and worry about the struggles of someone else.

Which is how he found himself scrolling through his tiny library of movies.
Searching for one that caught his interest.

He found one with a barebones fantasy plot where a group of attractive young people topple an oppressive kingdom ruled by an evil king with poorly explained motives.

There was not an ounce of originality in the film aside from their admittedly interesting take on the three blind witches trope.
But he wasn't looking for something grand and thought provoking.

He just needed a break.

And this silly, poorly made film was exactly what he was looking for.
A pleasant distraction, one that was predictable yet still engaging in its own way.

For one and a half blissful hours he could almost forget about what his life had become.
If he just kept his eyes on the screen then maybe he could convince himself that magic was just a plot device humans used to tell each other more interesting stories.

Levi nearly smiled as his eyelids drifted shut.
He was beyond tired, but that was hardly out of the ordinary. 
Even after… What was it now?

Months?

Even after all this time he had still been unable to get himself to sleep for more than three to four hours in a row.
Not because his new body didn't need the sleep, it definitely did, but because something deep in his psyche was still traumatized by the year he spent trapped in a coma.

Levi yawned.
A horrible experience that he tried not to think about.
Instead he focused on the movie.

And it helped for a while.

Until the dragon showed up.

Levi sat up a bit and frowned.

Of course there would be a dragon.
What would a cheesy fantasy movie like this be without one?
It might have even been on the cover, albeit rather small and in the distance.

Now it was on screen in what had to be the most expensive scene in the film.
A competently rendered CGI beast of myth and legend.

Levi's reaction was mild at first.
After all, he expected something like this.
A good old fashioned dragon showdown before the final less impressive showdown with the evil king.

He shouldn't have given it a second thought.

And yet…

A small, innocently curious part of him wondered how realistic the things scale textures were. 
And in response to this thought he caught himself looking down at his own arm.

And like so many times before this, it hit him.
That sudden, horrible realization of something that he already knew.

He was not human anymore.

How many times had he come to that conclusion?
How many times did he realise the obvious?
How many times would he stop dead in his tracks for no other reason than to gawk in disbelief at what his life had become?

At what point would it stop freaking him out and just become the new normal for him?
When would he no longer be afraid to look in the mirror?

Not that he even had a mirror in his room.
He did have his data pad though.
The camera app on it might not work for taking pictures, but it still worked as an imitation mirror.

Levi could spend hours at a time just… looking at himself.
It was no act of vanity either.
He just didn't recognize the face he saw, and he wanted to familiarize himself with that strange creature looking back at him.

This was him now.

Levi lost a few hours to the mirror, then watched a few more movies.
But not too many.
He had already watched most of the films he had, so he wanted to ration out what he had left before he started rewatching stuff.

Once he was done he felt mentally refreshed enough to get back to work.
He practiced his mobility both with and without the supports and handholds which littered his room and made it look like an obstacle course.

Then when that got to be too much for him he collapsed on his bed and started talking to himself until he got interrupted for lunch.

Ryan was the one who brought him his food this time.
But more importantly he gave him someone to actually talk to.
For a couple hours the two men relaxed, enjoyed each other's company, and chatted about current events.

Then Ryan left and Levi was once again alone.

He did some more practice before finally nodding off and falling asleep on the floor.
Though not for long unfortunately.

When he woke up he was poorly rested and stressed out by an endless spiral of what ifs.
He tried to ignore it by doing yet more practice, until Lance stopped by with dinner.

And on and on and on his days went.
Or was it weeks yet?
Months?

Levi felt like he kept playing out the same routine over and over.
To the point where his days were starting to blend into each other more and more.

For all of the progress he was making towards his goals, Levi's life still somehow managed to get extremely stale and stagnant.
Honestly, it was times like these which had taught him that confused and bored were not mutually exclusive states of being.

Levi absentmindedly scratches at the scales on the top of his head.
Not dead center where his quills were, but a little too the side if it, just above one ear.

His scales there felt… stiff in a way that he had little context to.
Like the flesh underneath was swollen or…

The door to his cell opened with a mechanical clattering, making Levi jump in surprise.
His nerves were understandably shot from how shoddy his sleep schedule has been as if late, so it didn't take much to startle him.

"You nearly gave me a heart attack."
Levi remarked as he clutched at her heart and turned to the open door.

Despite his best efforts he still spoke with a heavy and clumsy accent, but he could hold a conversation now without tripping over his tongue.

Levi looked towards the entry chamber and waited for whoever it was to announce themselves.
But after twenty seconds there was still no one there.

"Hello?"

Levi shifted his weight awkwardly as he waited.
But there was still no response.
A small inhuman whine escaped his throat as he started to feel more and more like something was wrong.

After a bit of hesitation Levi got up and moved to an angle where he could see into the chamber.

He blinked, almost none comprehending.

Then every one of the little striped blue and white quills on his back slowly started to stand on end, and his blood turned cold.

The chamber was completely empty.

But that alone wouldn't have terrified him like this.

No…

Levi was starting to panic because both of the doors to the chamber were open...
At the same time!

The entry chamber was supposed to be an air tight lock.
One designed to guarantee that a jumper couldn't accidently escape or bully their way out of the door to their cell.

The entire system was set up in such a way that it was impossible to open one door unless the other was firmly and completely closed.

And yet Levi could clearly see into the main hallway.

His jaw worked soundlessly as he looked around in confusion.
He took a clumsy step forward just to get a better look, but even that made him hesitate.

"Hello?"
He called out, but no one answered him.

Levi pressed his lips into a thin line.
He wasn't about to just wander out without first getting explicit permission to do so.

Part of him wondered if this was a test of some kind.


He wouldn't put it past the the white costs To try something so stupid, but the only problem with that theory was the fact that they couldn't get both doors open at once even if they wanted to.

They'd have to remove the entire exit chamber from the wall and reprogram it from scratch before reinstalling it.
 Which he was certain they hadn't done.

So how on earth was-

A wide eyed child in a bright orange jumpsuit poked his head around the door cautiously.
He took two looks at Levi, and gasped in surprise before retreating the same way he came.

"What? How did you-"
Then he froze when he noticed the screaming.

Shouts of surprise, exclamations of confusion, cheers of excitement, cries of panic, calls for help, screams of pain…
The whole compound seemed to be suddenly exploding with sound, as chaos descended upon the facility.

Levi was shaken and confused.
His jaw lulled open stupidly as he simply stood there blinking like an idiot.

For the first few crucial seconds he was paralyzed by his own slow reaction times, and his inability to fully grasp what was going on.

He couldn't comprehend it at first.
It was like he was in shock, in denial.

But then his brain caught up with his eyes and he noticed something which made his rapidly beating heart stop.

He could see into the cell across from him…

Through the open doors.

Both of them.

The kid ran past, screeching in terror and tightly closing their eyes.
Trying to get past him as quickly as possible.

Then another slightly older kid ran past, holding the hand of an even younger girl with one arm, and holding a cracking ball of pulsating energy with the other.

"Run!"
Screamed the first kid from out of view, and for one confusing moment Levi was threatened by a bug eyed teenager holding a point pong ball sized orb of plasma.

Then the trio were past and Levi was left gaping in the doorway again.

A woman in her thirties with messy black hair and dark circles under her eyes poked her head out from the cell across from him.
She wore a wild look of confusion and hope which turned to fear when she saw Levi.

By the time she slipped into the hallway and started running in a random direction is about when Levi figured it out.

It wasn't just his cell that had suddenly and inexplicably opened up.

It was all of them.

Or at least all of the ones on this level.

The chaos was rapidly escalating as more and more jumpers realised what was going on and lept at their chance of freedom.
No matter how brief it was.

"H-hey!" Levi called out weakly to the people running past, but he didn't dare step out of his room. 

Some spared a glance for the strange creature shakily leaning it's weight against a padded guild rail.
But those who did immediately fled, often screaming or swerving to avoid him.

"You… We can't be outside of our cells. At least not be without supervision. We're dangerous!"
Levi was insisting to anyone who would listen.
Which was exactly no one.

Everyone was confused and afraid of each other, and for good reason.
The criminally insane were mixed among the ordinarily folk.

Already there had been at least one murder, evidenced by the wild eyed man covered in blood and viscera.
Granted the gore could have been the unfortunate product of a strange matter quirk of some kind.
But the maliciously gleeful look on his face seemed to imply otherwise.

Levi moved further up so that he could see what was going on better without actually stepping into the hallway.
Technically he wasn't supposed to be in the entry chamber at all, but rules like that didn't exactly matter all that much right now.

"Hey you!" Levi barked at the bloody man who stopped for a second to look at the strange blue monster with vague interest. 

"Who's blood is that? What's going on?"
He demanded with a threatening and dangerous growl in the back of his throat.

The man was completely unphased by the threat and simply blinked at him for half a minute straight.
Then his dumbstruck expression gradually transformed into a wide wide grin, and he ever so slowly lifted one arm to point at him.
As he did the vibrant red blood and gore which coated his skin and soaked his clothes began to peel away from him.
Separating into floating spiral layers, like the gory red petals of some kind of disturbing flower. 

"I ugh… what are you…. Errrr…. Um…."
Levi stuttered nervously as he watched the blood petals fold in on eachother and rapidly collapse into a single drop of red liquid suspended just in front of his outstretched finger.

He didn't wait to see the bloody drop start to vibrate or glow with sickly black crimson light.
If he had then he might not have been able to dive out the way in time.

As it was Levi barely managed to dodge the speeding bolt of pressurized blood as it crashed into the padded floor with a frightening crack.

Levi reflexively padded at his hip, searching blindly for a gun that wasn't there.
As he did he spared a glance towards the deep small hole in the floor.
Which the drop of blood had left behind just like a real bullet might.

The man cackled wildly as he stumbled backwards.
Grasping at his gut as if that was the funniest thing he had ever seen.
Or as if he were in pain.

"What are you?" He asked with genuine excitement through a pointed grin.
His face, once covered in fresh blood, was now completely clean.

The Latino man had clearly never seen an FVT before.
Probably hadn't even seen another jumper until today.
And he seemed suicidally curious.

"I'm… I'm a…"
In that moment Levi realized that he didn't exactly have a proper name for what he was now.
It hardly seemed to matter since he was both the first and last of his kind.

"I was human like you once." Levi answered honestly, feeling that maybe he could reach him somehow.
Perhaps the man wasn't quite as unhinged as he appeared.
Perhaps he could be reasoned with.

Levi held out his clawed arm in a calming gesture as he tried his best to speak calmly.
"My name is Levi. I'm a jumper down here just like you. Please don't get any closer. My body produces powerful electric currents which I have little to no control over."

Levi knew he shouldn't take his eyes off of the unhinged man who had walked into his cell for even a second
But the hallway was still bustling with people moving about and it was highly distracting.

The man could have attacked in that brief window, but instead he just stared blankly.
"That's cool…" he said casually "I didn't know they gave other people the old pipeworks as well. I thought it was just me."

Levi had to cringe a bit at that.
They must have given up on him fairly early if he was this ignorant of the situation.
Poor guy.

"Don't go back out there." Levi pleaded, "Or better yet, return to your room and wait there for the vests to get this situation under control."

The man glanced around both confused and concerned, his expression that of someone slowly realising that the person they were chatting with was actually completely insane.
"Do what now?" He chuckled nervously then gestured to the open hallway. "Dude, just look around. Everything is falling into chaos. If we ever hope to get out of here then this is our best shot."

What he was saying actually made a lot of sense.
In this moment he seemed pretty lucid actually.
Nothing like the maniacal lunatic that tried to shoot him with blood.
Levi found himself questioning if he misjudged the stranger's sanity.

And then a dark writing shape came rushing past.
It's inky black appendages lashing wildly across the ceiling to which it was anchored.

Levi didn't really get a good look at whatever it was.
It flashed by too quickly for him to take note of anything other than the fact that it was huge, fast, black or very dark brown, and running on the ceiling.

The other jumper must have missed it entirely as it was already gone by the time he had whipped his head around to look.
But the screams and the sickening crunching of splintered bone was clearly audible to them both.

"You can stay in your cage if you want mister newt man…" the man said in all seriousness.

Then he slowly craned his neck around, his wide manic smile demonstrating that Levi was right about in his initial assessment of the man.

He was completely… and utterly… maliciously…

Insane.

He laughed.
Not like a real person might, but like a caricature of an evil villain achieving their dastardly schemes.
 "However I'm leaving this place to rot."

He pointed behind him.
"That thing cromp nomching on people's crunchy bits is going to give me all the ammo l'll ever need to bust out of here. So... Bye, have fun."

With that he happily hopped and skipped outside.
Back into the madness to gleefully exploit the pain and suffering of others for his own benefit.

Levi staggered after him, trying to convince him to stay and turn himself in.
But as one might imagine his pleas fell squarely onto deth ears.

Part of Levi wanted to test his unsteady legs by chasing the man out into the hallway.
But he froze at the second door frame, because he just couldn't bring himself to break the rules placed upon him.

Another, even smaller part of him wanted to get swept up in the jailbreak and escape with the rest of them.

Oh how he longed to see the sky again… 
To see the sun… 
To taste fresh air…
To feel the wind on his… his…

Scales…

No…..

No it was only a small and impulsive part of him that wanted to escape.
Because he knew that he didn't have a future waiting for him on the surface.

He couldn't...

Not unless some other jumper got the power that he wanted from the start.
The ability to undo the effects of strange matter infection on others.

Now wouldn't that just be a miracle of luck?

Levi closed his eyes for a moment and dreamed about what ifs.
Then he realized that now was not the time for such things and snapped out of it.

He started calling out to the fleeing jumpers.
Trying to convince them to return to their cells.
Fearing for their safety should they get caught, and terrified of the consequences should they escape.

What chaos would they bring to Ehva island?
What horrible death and destruction?
His wife and kid lived in the world above, safe within a fragile bubble of lies. 

He couldn't let them see… he couldn't let them get pulled into the same world that turned him into a monster.

But what could he do?

He was shouting at people to stay.
Demanding, begging, bargaining.

But no one was listening to him.
Some did stop to gawk, but they didn't linger. 
Most just avoided him.

And so Levi's monstrously accented voice became just another oddity, swallowed up within the raging tides of chaos.

He debated endlessly with himself what if anything he should do or say, until finally after less than a minute after the incident first began.
Levi heard the telltale bang, zip, pop sounds of MPFs being fired.

Levi froze, but relaxed somewhat when he realized that it didn't sound like they were using kill rounds quite yet, just a liberal and frankly overly aggressive use of the non lethal ammo types.

Not wanting to cause a fuss he staggered back into his room, and because of that he missed the visual element of a pitched battle between them and… something else…

It screamed… A reverberating metallic sound that was even more inhuman than Levi's own voice.
The sounds of rapid movement and something heavy dragging along the walls, accompanied by the near constant shattering of glass.
The screams of good men and women fighting, strategizing, and dying.

And finally the nearly irrelevant sounds of a toddler laughing.

This wasn't a slow creepy laugh like something from a horror movie, no.
This was a pure and pleasant sound.
Something that could have been genuinely heartwarming if it wasn't mixed with the sounds of gunfire, pain, and death.

The sounds of the battle came to a rapid close, and thankfully the voices which remained were those of the blue vests who conquered the… whatever it was.

It sounded like they lost someone in that fight.
Maybe even more than one.
But they only spared a few moments to collect themselves before moving on.

They Could deal with the dead later, right now they had to focus on regaining control of the situation or else far more people would surely perish in one way or another.

A man, Ryan, poked his head into the room, his eyes covered by a clear visor.
He wore general purpose protective gear, designed more for combat than the baggy tinted protective gear that he was so used to seeing these days.

Levi sat on his bed in the corner of the room and raised his hands in clear surrender.
The vests already had a lot on their plate right now and he wasn't about to add to it.

He winced as he expected to be quickly shot with a tranq dart, but to his surprise Ryan actually exposed himself and stepped into the room.

"Levi? We need your help. Something's gone horribly wrong and all of the doors have opened! Do you have any idea what might be causing this?"

Levi was quick to shake his head.
"No clue. It happend out of no were for me. No warning or cause that I noticed."

Ryan gave him a tight if exasperated nod.
Clearly he was expecting an answer like that, for all that he was hoping for something more.

He looked back at the door and did a quick mental calculation before retrieving a spare MPF from one of his pockets and tossing it to Levi.
"Sorry to say but your little vacation is over Levi. We need your help."

Levi watched the weapon bounce off of him and land on the padded floor.
He didn't react to the throw, and he made no move to reach for it.
Instead he just blinked at it a few times.
A look of none comprehension written all over his face.

He looked back at Ryan, slowly as if in a trance.
The only sounds in the room being that of the static electricity dancing around the ceiling, and the habitual clicking in the back of his throat.

"What?"
He asked with a slight chuckle as if expecting it to be a joke.
But Ryan's face was dead serious.

He looked back at the gun and after a moment snapped out of it, as if finally realising what it was that he tried to give to him.

"Wait… Wait no! Rain! Reign are you mad?! You can't just give me a GUN! Imma jumpir, a risk, a-."
He babbled before getting cut off by Ryan snapping at him with a sudden rush of anger.

"Oh would you lay off the depressed self doubt crap for five minutes? You're fine. The very fact that you're so concerned about losing yourself is proof enough that you haven't."

"But I'm-" Levi began, yet Ryan was in no mood to hear any of it.

"I know. I KNOW! And you're right. You are a risk. But sometimes you have to take risks. Sometimes you don't have any choice!"

It was only now that Levi released how shaken he was, how terrified.
Perhaps it was shock that muted his expression at first, but now it was easy to see the tears of fury bleeding into his eyes as he pointed behind him.

"My team captain is dead Levi. Along with over half my squad. And we haven't even made it to the other end of the hallway yet! So yeah… I very well might be an idiot for reaching out to you. After all… the coats will kill me themselves when they find out I put their precious little pet project into harm's way. But screw that! And screw them. You're the most senior member to this madness of anyone on this floor right now, and I, need, you! So stand up and get your scaly blue ass out there!"

Levi worked his jaw for a few seconds as he processed Ryan's impassioned speech.
Then after a moment he straightened his back and realized just how desperate the situation was.

If he could do anything, anything at all, to ease the burden that was currently crushing his friends and associates…

"okay…" Levi whispered before bending down to pick up the MPF from off the floor.
Electric blue sparks flicked from off his hand, and danced along the edges of the fabulous l failure weapon.

That made him hesitate.
Though only for a few moments.

Levi felt an odd mix of familiarity and anxiety as his fingers touched the cold metal and plastic which comprised the weapon.

Clumsily he lifted it up and inspected it.
Trying to get his fingers into the right spots to hold it properly.

It occurred to him that maybe it wasn't a good idea for him to have this.
Even disregarding the mental concerns, the fact that he was basically a toddler when it came to fine motor skills meant that he couldn't be trusted to shoot straight.

Or at all...

Honestly the more he thought about it the more he realized that this was a terrible idea on multiple levels.

But Ryan was adamant, and he wasn't taking no for an answer.
He grabbed ahold of Levi's hand and guided him out into the hallway.

Which is where Levi saw the full scope of the battle which had raged on outside.
 
Four dead could be seen at first glance, their lifeless bodies half buried in the walls, floor, and ceilings.
A set of finger tips and an elbow denoted at least two more bodies hidden beneath the unbroken cement.

Several suspicious splatterings of blood painted the scene with no real apartment source, with the exception of the body of the little six to ten year old girl who had been shot several times in the chest with armor piercing rounds.

Levi's stomach lurched as he realized that someone had decapitated her.
And it only got worse when he realized that someone thought that it was necessary to do so.

"W-w-wha?" Levi stammered, trying and failing to speak clearly in the face of…
What even happened here?

Four vests milled about.
Looking lost while also being on high alert.
One girl and three boys.

One of whom Levi recognized.

Fredrick Notchworth, was holding a knife in one hand, while the other wrestled with… 
It looked like he was trying to cut something.
But there was nothing in his hands.

Was he holding an invisible net?
What was he doing?

Being the son of an islander and an immigrant from Japan, Frederick looked mostly asian but with a much darker skin tone.

He was also a bit on the shorter side, however no one would mistake short for weak in his case.
Not with his muscular build.

In fact he was actually rather intimidating.
Due in no small part to his aggressive personality.

Frederick turned around to look at Levi.
His eyes were puffy as if he had been crying, but his expression was nothing but anger and resentment.

He made a disgusted tossing motion as he cast the invisible net aside, then he pointed his MPF at Levi and started shouting.

"Get back in your room. Now!"
He commanded with a threatening ton of authority.
Then his eyes flicked to the object that Levi was nervously clutching and made a strangled sound.

Levi jumped at the shouting and reflexively spun around to comply with the demand.
But he realized halfway through the motion that he really shouldn't move that fast.

He didn't even have the basics of locomotion down yet, so why did he think he could-

Levi lost his balance and started falling.
Because of course he did.
He could barely walk, let alone do whatever it was that Ryan wanted him to do.

Levi heard the bang as he fell, but hardly even had time to be scared by it.
All of his focus was dedicated to catching himself.

Only after he landed arms first into the cold un-padded floor did he have time to process what had just happened.

Someone had fired their weapon.

In a flash of panic he tried to check his own MPF, but he dropped it on the way down and lost it somewhere.

People were shouting, and he was shaking.
He desperately didn't want to cause any trouble, but the dancing lightning made that all but impossible.

Frederick barked another order at him in a harsh voice.
Or perhaps he was cursing at Ryan for being so stupid.
It was hard for Levi to tell in his panicked state.

"What the hell frederick!? He didn't do anything!"
Ryan exclaimed in outrage.
He sounded strained, like he was wrestling with something.
Or someone.

"Get off of me!"

"You could have killed him!"

"We don't have time for this! Every second we waste arguing is another second they have to get away!"

"Gorge… Terry… Makita… Nancy… They're all… they're… What was that thing? It pulled them into the walls as if they weren't real!"

"Does it even matter? I liked the man too, the bleeding heart that he was. But he died when they put the mad sliver into his blood. That thing is just a scaly ghost with his memories."

"Can you all just shut up? This isn't important right now."

"This is no time for your bigotry, we need help. We need him."

"Bigotry!? Did you not just- Eight people are dead!"

"Mr. Weatherfall... I hardly see how this jumper is supposed to help us. I mean, look at him. He can barely stand."

"That wasn't his fault! You can't blame every jumper for the actions of the dangerous minority."

"What?!"

"Yeah… I'm usually with you on this Ryan, but even you have to admit that most jumpers are dangerous."

"How are we going to get their bodies out of the freaking wall? We can't just leave them in there can we?"

"Hey guys… I think Lyle is in shock."

"Frederick! Point that gun somewhere else or so help me-"

The world spun as all the arguing voices both familiar and new blurred into each other.
Making it very near impossible for Levi to tell who was actually speaking.

They were hurt, angry, confused, frightened…
And Levi had no clue what he was supposed to do about any of it.

So he crawled back into his room and folded up into a ball on the floor.
He wasn't crying, not even in his own tearless way.

In many ways this whole event was affecting him much less than anyone else.
Because his world had already been flipped upside down, so what was the harm in flipping it again?

There was only so much chaos and calamity that a person could endure before it just became paradoxically normal to them.

Levi… Still wasn't quite there yet, but he was closer than most.
 
Dismayed, he curled up into a ball on the floor and just sat there for a while.
Half listening to the arguments still going on outside.

They needed a leader, Ryan was right about that at least.
But Levi couldn't be that for them, not right now.
Maybe if he had his real body, or at the very least a functioning muscle memory, then perhaps he could step up to the plate and fill that role.

But in his current condition?

No...

How was he supposed to coordinate with a team when he could barely speak without tripping over his own words?

How was he supposed to apprehend escaped monsters when he could hardly walk without tripping over his own tail?

Would it not be better for everyone for him to just stay in his room?
It wasn't as if he was the only person who could do the job anyway.
They needed help, true, desperately so in fact.

But not from him.
His involvement would only serve to complicate an already hectic situation and make it even worse.
Of that he was fairly confident.

Someone else would have to deal with the situation.
They'll find out whatever was causing this and put a stop to it.
Then they'll recapture the escaped jumpers and return them to their cells.

Levi shuddered.

Oh what a horribly difficult task they had in front of them.
Every jumper released at once?
If that truly was what was happening then he was quite frankly surprised that the world hadn't imploded in on itself yet.

Levi was not Fredrick Notchworth.
He typically gave jumpers the benefit of the doubt, more so than was fair actually.
But even he had to admit that redgate's walls contained some real monsters.
Twisted horrors containing power and evil in equal measures.

Things which could legitimately destroy the world if given the chance.

Even just a few of the worst ones would be near impossible to subdue.
So there really was no way that they'd be able stop everything.

At least some of the jumpers were going to make it to the surface.
There was hardly any denying that if you looked at it objectively.
The real question was just how many it would be.

A couple?
A lot? 
Half? 
More than half!?

A containment breach of this magnitude...

Levi uncurled a little and sat up a bit as his ears twitched.
His habitual ticking stopped for a breath, before sharply picking back up at an even more rapid pace.

The sparks vanished from the room and the air grew terribly still.

Because Levi had just released something…

He knew before of course, but only now did it really start to sink in.

There were monsters heading for the exits.
Trying blindly to reach the surface… the outside… 

Ehva island was about to be overrun by desperate people with power, and monsters of all kinds.
And the people who lived there were not at all ready for that.

How many would die in the ensuing massacre?
How many would see too much and have their brains melted away by a government body with little to no regard for their safety?
How many would-

His family lived less than ten minute away from the redgate project's main entrance.

His wife, his daughter!
Both of them would be in danger so long as the violently crazy jumpers were free.
All it would take is one of them to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.

And then…

Levi stood up and had to grab onto something to keep from falling back down again.

The world was spinning again, yet the air was so terribly still.
You could feel the tension there… like a tightened wire about to spring.

The flickering sparks of lightning that should have been surrounding him in a stressful situation like this were nowhere to be seen.

How…..

How had it come to this?

He had already sacrificed so much to keep them away from this horrible world.
For five years he had lied to her.
Withheld the truth from the one person who deserved it from him the most.

He had shielded her from the darker side of his life by cutting her off from it, and that had very nearly cost them their marriage on more than one occasion.

But they had learned to make it work because they loved each other.
Though Levi often wondered if Margaret would have still loved him if she knew all that he had done.

He was painfully aware that he kept the secret just as much for his own sake as he did for hers.
He was not a noble, or even brave man.

"Levi? Is something wrong?"
Ryan broke off from his personate bickering to ask.


"Don't you go dodging the question Weatherfall."
Fredric snapped before noticing Levi. "And you! Get back in there and wait for us to figure out how to close the doors. We don't need-"

He completely missed the look on his old co-workers face.
Perhaps if Levi were still human then he would have recognized it.

Or perhaps not...
He never was the most observant man.

Levi absentmindedly nodded in agreement, but his legs still took him another shaky step forward.

"Hey! I said-"
Frederik tried to threaten him again, but Ryan kept diligently wrestling the gun out of the way.

Levi ignored them both as he started walking.
His unbalanced gate slowly pulling him forward more and more until he started to stumble.

Or… wait… 
Was he running?
He wasn't sure.

His mind had gone blank for the moment, and he was just acting without thinking.

Frederick and Ryan were almost too busy with their tug of war to notice, but the other vests just watched him in earnest.
Unsure if they should be stopping Levi or following him.

"Should we stop him?"
Someone asked.
And they all spent so much time trying to figure out the answer to that question that none of them actually tried doing it.

If Lance were here then he'd be very disappointed in them.
Levi would have also been disappointed in them, if he was in a clearer state of mind.

Heedless of his own safety or limitations Levi very nearly made it to the end of the hallway before the inevitable happened and his sprint became completely unsalvageable.

He tried to grab a hold of the ground with his strange raptoresque feet, tried to throw his body forward like he had done with each prior step of this mad dash.
But much like a bike, the momentum he summoned could only do so much to stabilize him.

Levi felt his foot fail to find purchase somehow, as his orientation rapidly went from upright to diagonal.

And then he went flying…

Tumbling forward at high velocity and skidding across the floor, before just as quickly grinding to a halt.
By the time he came to a complete stop he was already battered and bruised to the point where his scales were scraped off in some places.

No matter to him...

Levi was starting to bleed from his scraped up skin, but he didn't see the red, and he didn't feel the pain either.
The adrenaline rushing through his veins was numbing his good senses and pushing him to stand back up.

He didn't stop to think about what he was doing, because in all honesty he didn't know.
All he knew was that he had to do something.

That was the driving force that propelled his body forward again and again.
Sure he always fell in the end, but only after he had cleared a decent bit of distance.

It… must have been a terrifying sight.
His muscles were powerful, deceptively so.
The only thing which limited him was a lack of self coordination.
A challenge that he circumvented through sheer brute force and determination.

And so like a monster from a horror film, he surged forward.
Getting up every time he fell, pressing on and on towards… something...

He didn't exactly know what his goal was.
To recapture as many of the escaped jumpers as he could?
That seemed about right.

The only problem was that he had no clue how he was supposed to do that.
Shoot them?
He forgot his gun.
Shock them?
He couldn't control his power. 
Grab them and pin them down?
That would be… difficult given his general clumsiness.

And why weren't the other... the vests not following him?
It was a two way corridor all the way up to the elevator.
There was nowhere else for them to go.

Unless they decided to just stay where they were then they should have been right behind-

Levi rounded a corner at speed and was halted by an unnerving sight.

A tall gaunt woman stood in the middle of the hallway.
Her long brown hair was messy and unkempt.
Her head was tilted heavily.
Listing to the side as if it weighed too much for her to lift it.

And her eyes were closed.

All this alone would have been creepy enough.
Even if she wasn't surrounded by a host of limp and lifeless bodies in orange jumpsuits.

People who had been unlucky enough to meet her during their attempts at escaping no doubt.

Then again… she might be a victim too.
She could have a quirk that caused her to remain upright even when dead.
It still wouldn't be the strangest power that he had ever seen.

Now that he wasn't moving, Levi had to lean against a wall to keep his balance.
He peered at the bodies before him wearily.
Trying to determine if all these people were still alive or not.
He thought he saw one of them breathing but it was hard to tell from this distance.

Levi felt all of that blind nervous energy that had propelled him this far wink out in a matter of moments as he watched the erie scene.
It would have been so easy to take one look at that chaotic mess of suspiciously unconscious people and then turn right around and head back to his cell.

But at the same time… Levi realized that wouldn't solve anything either.
Because someone had to deal with this.
They couldn't just leave a strange anomaly lying around.

Especially if the cause was capable of escaping to the outside world.
With that in mind, all Levi had to do was think about his family, and then it became remarkably easy for him to be brave.

He cleared his throat and then hesitantly spoke into the silence.
"Hhhello? Is anyone… is everyone okay oveer there? Can any of hou here me?"
His voice cracked into a high pitched fragment of a whimper as he spoke.
Making it harder for him to talk like he had been practicing.

The standing woman lifted her head, and then rotated it to look at him.
Her body following lazily behind the motion in a way that wasn't quite unnatural looking.

Levi… felt her looking directly at him.
Even though her eyes were completely closed.

She was definitely the cause of this he realized as she put on a huge fake smile.
"And who are you little guy?"
She asked in an excruciatingly patronizing voice.

She wasn't being sarcastic, and she didn't sound like she was mocking him.
Instead she sounded like…
Like a teacher engaging with a crowd of kindergartners.

A character from a children's television show, trying to talk to an audience that she would never see.

Levi felt the quills on his neck and back begin to slowly stand on end, as he instinctually leaned away.
His habitual clicking suddenly sounded very very loud against the… the…

Why was it so quiet all of a sudden?
Weren't they still in the middle of the worst containment breach in redgate history?
There should be distant screaming, gunshots, alarms, something!

He could have sworn the place was full of background noise just a moment ago.

But now…

"Where are your parents?"

Her saccharine voice was the only sound in the world.
And it drowned out even the frantic beating of his overworked heart.

She smiled at him, a half malicious, half genuine expression creeping over her face.
Then she stepped over an unmoving body, gliding towards him like a graceful serpent.
Seemingly unaware of any of the obstacles in her way.

"Are you lost?"

"I..." Levi squeaked.
It was a decidedly inhuman sound, but he really couldn't be bothered by it right now.
Not at this moment.

He didn't take his eyes off of the women for even a moment, as he padded at his side looking for the weapon he discarded earlier.

Levi could have kicked himself right then and there.
How could he have been so stupid?
Rushing in without a plan, without a weapon, without backup…
What was he thinking?

Was he always this much of an idiot?
Or had he lost some of his intelligence when he lost his humanity?

He took a step backwards and nearly fell on his tail.
His heart was pounding and the barren hallway was swimming in his fear.
The tiny motes of blue playfully danced about in great numbers.

But the woman just ignored the scene as if she didn't even realize that it was there.
Which made sense given that her eyes were closed.

And something was eating the sound.
Muffling it easily, and drowning the world in silence.

Only… when she spoke her words were crisp and clear.
Cutting through the otherwise stagnant air like a knife through a corpse.

"It is nights like these when good little kids should be safe in their beds."

With that she tilted her head to the side in a twitch of motion that almost looked involuntary.

And just like that, something went crack in Levi's head.

The bodies vanished in a rush of darkness that completely ignored the ceiling lights.
A vast pit of black that swallowed up the entire hallway in a way that was decidedly unlike smoke or simple darkness.

It was like someone had taken a brush and painted pitch black paint directly onto his eyes.
Blinding him in such a way that only the smiling woman and a bit of her surroundings were visible to him.

Levi screamed a shrill, high pitched yowl of alarm as he turned to run.
But as looked away, that one small patch of vision that he had vanished.
Leaving him completely blind.

He stumbled in the black and fell, though he couldn't tell if he hit the floor or if he caught himself and started running again.

His body felt… numb as of a sudden.
He was rapidly losing his sense of touch as the quiet void of black closed around him.

Terrified, he glanced back over his shoulder and once again he saw her.
A tall, thin, black haired woman, slowly walking towards him with her eyes closed.

Smiling to herself while humming a nursery rhyme.
Not slowly… Not menacingly…
She sang the song just as any primary school teacher might.

In the right context it could have been charming.
But not here… Not now…
In this dark abyss it was purely terrifying.

Levi turned to run once more abandoning her image to the black.
But when he turned his head…

There she stood again.
On the other side of the hallway?
It must be!

Or…

Did he really just turn all the way in a circle, so that he was facing her again?

He couldn't see…
He was confused and terrified and getting himself turned around.

He tried to reach out to feel the wall, but he couldn't see his arm, and he felt nothing as he reached out.
He was so numb, would he even feel anything if he did find the wall?

Was he falling?

Lying on his belly?

For all he knew he could be human again.

Or…

Or he might not have a body at all anymore.

Was he… dead?

Dying?

Levi paused in his attempts to flee.
There was no point in trying.
She was moving so slowly.
Yet she didn't need to run to catch him.

Everything else in the world had been cut away.
Until he was left in an existence with but a single dimension to it.
One and only direction.

Towards her. 

She smiled.
Knowing that she had caught her prey.
Or perhaps it was genuine.
Perhaps she had no clue what she was doing.

Either way, she was perfectly calm as she started to sing a familiar lullaby.

"Rockabye baby in the tree top."

Levi recognized this tune.

Of course he did.
Who didn't know this song?
Presumably some people, somewhere.
The world was a big place after all.
But Levi had never met anyone who didn't know the words.

"When the wind blows the cradle will rock."
 
It was a simple song.
Something gentil that a mother might sing to a child to help put them to sleep.

"When the bough breaks..."

As a young child his mother would sing that same song, and it never failed to relax the tiny infant he used to be.

"...the cradle will fall."

It was only after he grew old enough to understand the actual meaning behind the lyrics that he realized…

This was not a happy song.

"And down will come baby, cradle and all."

Levi watched helplessly as the nightmare continued to walk towards him.

She moved slowly, so slowly.
But even at her leisurely pace, Levi felt like she should have reached him by now.

If only he could just see…

Levi tried to look around, but everywhere he looked was always the same direction.
Towards her… towards… something.

Levi… realized that he didn't actually know what her intentions were.
Her face was…

She…

It…

It didn't seem entirely malicious.

That was to say, whatever entity had replaced this woman did not seem to fully understand what it was even doing.
Let alone the morality of it. 

Too much like a child plucking the wings off a butterfly.

Innocent.

Mortifying.

And just like a butterfly, Levi felt that he had little hope of escaping this encounter unscathed.

He stopped and fell to his knees, if he even still had them that was.
"Who are you? What do you want from me?"

She had been reaching out for him, but when he asked this she paused.
Drawing back as if reconsidering, or maybe just pondering the question.

"I am me. And I just want… Happy?"
She said it like it was a foreign word.
As if it was her best guess at the answer of a multiple choice test.

Then she reached out again and touched Levi's face.
As the cutout hole of reality surrounding her reveals the fact that he even still has one.
He takes a shuddering breath as her soft fingers come to rest against his scales.

And from her fingers seems to flow colored ink that rapidly spreads out.
Seeping into the blackness and staining his prescription with intangible color.

Like paint to a painting, or pixels on a screen.
Their patterns are meaningless and random at first, but the deeper he falls into it, the more the erratic colors begin to make sense.

The blackness is swiftly covered up.
Replaced by the illusion of something existing where nothing truly waits.

It is a welcome thing, even if it was a lie.
A bit of pretense to protect him from the empty truth.

"Feel better now dear?"
She asks, neither sarcastic nor sincere.

Levi looks around at the beach-
The restaurant-
The hallway-
The office-
The hillside-
The bedroom-
The kitchen-
The lake-
The…
The place born of imagination and lies.

Then he looks down at his hands.
They were blue and not.
Human and other.
Familiar and foreign.
Drawn into reality using that same detail less art as the rest of the world.

Only the part of him that was touching her hand was really real.
Only the top of his head was solid in its unchanging detail.

The rest was… imaginary…
Filled in with memory, imagination, perception, and expectation.

"I'm scared."
Levi admitted with a shaking whimper.

"Amazing!"
She beamed triumphantly, as if him being afraid was somehow a grand accomplishment that he should be proud of for the rest of his life.

Then she pushed him down and plunged him the rest of the way into the false word.
Submerging him entirely until…

Until…

Levi blinked and looked around, but he couldn't spy that bubble of reality anywhere.
The woman was gone without a trace.
Leaving him stranded in… in…

Levi tried to blink, but his eyes were already closed.
He saw a long hallway stretch out in all directions.
A threshold to a thousand thousand different rooms.

"Where am I? Where did you put me? Hello? Hello?"
Levi called out.
But she didn't seem to hear him.
In fact, she might not have ever heard him.

Perhaps she was lost in her own little world this whole time.
Her eyes were closed after all, so maybe…

Levi held up his arms as if to show that he wasn't carrying any weapons as he called out to the flickering environment surrounding him.
"Look, I don't know what you've done to me, but I just want to let you know that I mean you no harm. I really don't. I just want to talk. Please? Are you even still out there? Hello?"

He didn't notice it at first, but his words came out more freely here.
That was to say, he wasn't stumbling over his own tongue like usual.
He also wasn't clicking to himself, but he failed to notice that.

He took one step.
Then two.
Then he stopped, and turned.

Each action he took seemed to change the scene he found himself in, as the background shifted from one idea to the next.

Until finally...

"I have more faith in you than that."
Reminisced a distant voice.

Levi wirled to find the speaker.
But it wasn't the woman who spoke.

No, that was... his voice…

"Well you shouldn't. I'm just a guy trying my best to do my job and survive. Same as everyone."
Was the response which echoed into place mere moments before his image flickered in.

Lance appeared at the bar, with a drink in his hand and the impression of a miserable look on his face.

Levi turned to see himself.
Still human.
Still new to all of this madness.
Grasp on reality freshly shattered.

"It doesn't get better…"
He admitted to his past self.

The old Levi looked around as if he thought he heard something.
But he was too haggard by the events of the day to be pulled away from the conversation for long.

What was it that had happened on that day?
An unexpected containment breach?
Some tragic accident?

Or had he just witnessed a jumper die in a particularly gruesome way as a result of being infected?

Ah yes… that was it...

A younger man sat in a chair.
Dark hair, tanned skin.
Glasses.

He was being injected with the tainted blood that the costs had worked tirelessly to prepare.

As per usual they had Hint on standby to give his reading.
Levi had been there with him.
That strange, broken old man who seemed so lost and confused.

They had a room just for him.
A tiny offshoot of the initial testing chamber.
A closet really, with a little hand window that could be opened into the main chamber and then shut in less than a second if your hands were fast enough.

Of course… Hint needed just a little bit more time than that unfortunately.
Not much… just a few seconds at most.
But he needed to see them.
Witness them without his view being obstructed by the clear rainbow glass. 
 
"Hmnn… Big… Large. A… A giant? I'm sorry that's all I got."

Levi… slammed the window shut and locked it before anything bad could happen.

It was insulting how little material was needed to make an impregnable airtight wall that could still be opened and closed at the drop of a hat.
But… that was mana glass for you.
Bless it's tacky rainbow sheen.

"Really? That's it? … Do you have any idea what it might mean?"

Hint edged away from the question as if worried that Levi might hit him if he answered it wrong somehow.

"No!" He quailed "I never know what it means. It's just… a… a feeling! An impression I get from them. I mean... They probably should have something like that? You know?"

He looked like he could have burst into tears.
But the poor man had cried all of those tears long ago.
In this moment he just looked scared, then frustrated in equal measure.
"I don't have the words for it. I'm sorry."

Levi grit his teeth and pulled back a bit.
He was slightly surprised by Hint's overreaction, but also, at the same time, he wasn't.

What had Hint seen over the years?
How much horror and death?
At this point in time Hint had been here almost twenty times as long as Levi had.
And that was without ever getting the chance to leave or take a break from the madness.

He had lost his way long ago, and now didn't even know what normal was.

"Hey."
Levi breathed as gently as he could as he crouched down beside the cowering man.
"I'm sorry… I didn't mean to scare you."

He wanted nothing more than to leave Hint alone, and give him space.
But someone else's life was hung in the balance.
So he had to try.

Levi modulated his tone, and attempted to smile.
"I know you're afraid, but… Maybe if you take another look you'll learn more?"

"No more, no more!" Hint insisted, while waving his arms around protectively in front of his face.
"Once I get an impression then that's it. There is no more for me to see. I can't look at it from a different angle than that."

"Okay, okay." Levi relented, backing away from the man and trying to look as non threatening as possible.
"It was just a suggestion."

He was almost offended by how quickly Hint was to assume the absolute worst from others.
But he gave him a pass on the fact that he was clearly a bit… touched in the head.

It wasn't his fault he was like this.

A man coughed politely.
He was a vest, who's name and face Levi didn't remember because he died a year and a half later.

"The Jumper's right. That viewing hatch is not to be open for more than the first ten seconds of infection. Any more runs the risk of the subject developing a dangerous quirk so quickly that we can't react to it in time. Don't give me that incredulous look, it's happened before."

Levi almost didn't believe him at the time.
Or rather… couldn't fully comprehend the danger.
By this point he had seen monsters and magic.
But he had never seen…

Seen…

Why was he here again?
Why was he remembering this?
Oh yes… 
To know the reason why he was upset that one day.

Well…

This was two memories stitched together haphazardly.

The first was actually his first time working with Hint and learning some of the rules.
The second was a year later, and was the reason he was here, on this little mental tangent.

The real reason why his hands were shaking that day.

A younger man sat in a chair.
Dark hair, tanned skin.
Glasses.

He was being injected with the tainted blood that the costs had worked tirelessly to prepare.

As per usual they had Hint on standby to give his reading.
Levi had been there with him.

"Hmnn… Big… Large. A… A giant? I'm sorry that's all I got."

Levi… the real Levi.
Watched the moment repeat itself before him, just slightly different than before.
Although this time, his memory didn't slide away from him.

He slammed the hatch shut and locked it with practiced ease the moment Hint stopped talking.
Then he turned to him and thanked him for being there for this.

He didn't need to know more this time.
Hint had already given him enough.

I'll but… so little.

Hint was escorted out of the MTL as the subject in question writhed around in pain.

Levi was nu- … was used to the screaming.
He hoped it would stop soon for his own sake if nothing else, but at least people didn't typically remember these first few moments.
So the man would probably be fine if he managed to live through this.

Levi himself certainly hadn't remembered much of his infection.
And obviously he wasn't too keen on getting those memories back.
Not if he experienced the typical minute or three of agony that most people forgot about.

"So…. Big hu?" Levi pondered "Maybe they'll be able to grow things? Or... Maybe it'll be more abstract than that… They could just be super strong or something. What do you think?"

The rookie who had been following Levi around in at least one of the memories shrugged.
"Doesn't seem to leave a whole lot of room for interpretation. Sir."

Levi rolled his eyes.
"I told you, you don't have to do that. Levi is perfectly fine."

They gave him a flat look then went on as if he had never said anything.
"It seems likely to me sir, that their power will involve them growing in size to some capacity."

Levi sighed, then smiled slightly.
He normally would have chucked at that, but it was hard to maintain any level of amusement while someone was screaming in pain in the other room.

"That does seem like a likely bet. Though not necessarily correct. I mean, Hint has had some pretty vague and tangential intuitions before. I remember this one time, he gave us the hint of silver spray paint and-"

Whatever story Levi had been about to share was cut short by a sudden and thunderous bang.
A veritable snap of sound that pulsed through the floor like a shockwave.

Levi tried not to look.
He remembered this, and he did not want to see it again.
But his past self didn't know any better.
He had looked back then, and because he did the sight was burned into his memory.

"What the?"
His old self exclaimed, as he turned to look at the source of the… explosion?

It certainly sounded like…

Levi's worried expression flickered with confusion, then disgust, then dread, and finally full fledged horror, as his eyes studied the now suddenly opaque wall.

Something was obscuring his view into the rainbow colored room. 
Actually… it wasn't quite as rainbow colored as it used to be was it?

Reds, purples, oranges… 
All colors that one would expect from mana glass.
Except...
Where were the rest of the colors?

Yellow, blue, green, pink...
Any one of the lighter hues?

They were all absent.

No… not absent…
Mana glass was transparent.
The colors were still there, it was just that they were contrasted against a uniformly.
Every color in the rainbow filtered over the same daunting shade of deep, foreboding, crimson.

Every inch of the wall was coated with blood.

Everyone just stood there, stiff with silence.
Before someone started shouting and the costs all flew into action.
Calling out information, assessing the situation, and trying to figure out what the hell just happened.

That was their job.
And to their credit they did it rather well.
The vests were just there to point guns at things and act as a wall of bodies.

"Internal feed is down, cameras assumed destroyed. Checking external cameras."

"Glass temperatures have increased by over twelve degrees fahrenheit in a matter of seconds. Temperature still rising, though the growth is dropping off fast."

"Sonar imaging is inconclusive."

"Is the dowzing rod picking up anything? Any magical pull?"

"Nothing out of the norm."

"Thank goodness."

"Subjective viewpoint check. What does everyone see?"

"Red."

"Hard to say."

"Blood."

"Muscle fiber."

"Carrion."

"A compacted meat cube."

"I condor. It looks like meat."

"I also just saw red, but yeah. It looks like meat."

"It seems as if we are in agreement. Do our perceptions match up with the video feed?"

"Seems so. Routing a request for the department to run it by an unbiased viewing party. "

"Belay that. We do not need to exercise that level of caution, and we don't have time for it either. Also, it would quite frankly be a waste of department resources."

"Then what do you suggest we-"

"Oh no..."

"What? What is it?"

"You're not going to like this..."

"Just spit it out!"

"Well I've been going over the data from the sonar imaging units. And it Looks like-"

In an adjacent room, a bunch of scientists crowded around a screen.

Levi by contrast, didn't need any of the fancy machinery or tools to come to the same conclusion as them.

He could feel it…

Tickling his skin like a physical thing.
The tension in the air.

It was so subtle at first.
Impossible to hear over the ringing in the ears in his ears left by the sudden explosion.
But as his ears adjusted… 

He could hear it…

The deep, rumbling, creaking sounds.
Just like the sound of a submarine, slowly descending into the crushing depths of the seas.

Young Levi gagged, as his older self just watched on with grim recognition.

The red mass behind the glass was squirming and shifting.
Roiling around like the world largest and most morose lava lamp, as the texture slowly changed to be more uniform.

"Giant..."

Both Levis breathed.
One with old regret, the other with fresh understanding.

"What?" The vest who Levi couldn't remember asked blankly. "What is this? What's going on? What just… what happened to..."

"The room is too small..." Levi muttered. "His body expanded… It's still expanding… but the glass… the room isn't big enough for…"

He nearly threw up, gagging uncontrollably into the corner.
But eventually he returned to simply staring at it in horror.

"He must have died the instant the change occurred. Crushed and compacted into… he is dead right? He has to be. Maybe we could check somehow?"
He looked over his shoulder at where he knew the costs were desperately trying to understand it.

He didn't say anything for a while, then he convulsed in sudden disgust.
"Oh God, wait… How big would he have gotten if he hadn't been- that is to say- How high is the pressure in that room!?"

Levi continued to watch as every bubble of air was painfully condensed within the cube of dead but still growing meat, and wondered what would happen if they opened the door.

Would nothing happen? 
Would it explode a second time like a bomb?
Would the flesh poor out rapidly wherever it could, surging out like a cutting stream of high pressure water?
Or would it just keep growing and growing and growing and grow-

How big would he have been if they did this outside with open sky above them?

The size of a house?
The size of the Redgate facility?
The size of a skyscraper?
The size of a city?
The size of a continent?
The size of a planet?

…

Larger?

That was the problem… anything was possible.
Strange matter didn't need to follow the rules of reality.
It could, and routinely did, break Isaac Newton's law of conservation with frightening ease.

So you really couldn't risk opening the door in this particular circumstance.
Even though the subject was already very dead.
If they opened the doors, even just a little bit, then it would open the floodgates and potentially make it impossible to ever close them again.

Levi later found out that, according to their calculations, project mass Mass Cubed had achieved a weight that would have been appropriate for a human nearly two hundred and fifteen meters high.

Of course, that was assuming he was still humanoid and still walked on two legs.
Something less upright would have been significantly shorter while still being that heavy.
And there was no way of knowing what his form would have been in the end.

There were a few frames of footage on the high speed camera that seemed to imply he had a change of skin material or texture.
But whatever transformation he was undergoing was cut short by the walls which restrained him.

Now his molecules were pressed so closely together that they produced no small amount of heat.
Eventually his compacted corpse melted into an almost lava like state, albeit far less hot than actual lava.

The truly mind boggling thing was that, if his corpse had gotten just a few times heavier before it stopped growing, then he would be dense enough to become a mini star.
Compete with your own personal fusion reactions.

Levi looked away from the cube of meat, and remembered why he was even here in the first place.
This horrific event was nothing more than a memory within a memory.

Simply an exploration of why he was feeling so depressed that day.

That day when… this day… later and before…
It was hard to keep track of time.
His head was a shattered mix of events and experiences blurring together with only the vagueist idea of when they happened.

And that was assuming they actually even happened at all.

"No you won't…"
Lance spoke suddenly.

The words themselves were slow and benign, pleasantly amused even.
Yet Levi nearly jumped out of his scales when he heard them.

And that was because Lance had simply appeared beside him, much much closer than what common decency would demand.

And that was because he couldn't see the Levi who's shoulder he was very nearly pressing his lips against.
Rather, he could only see the younger vision of himself.
An ordinary human, sitting a more comfortable distance away, and then some.

Levi saw a flash of annoyance flash over his face, as he put down the alcoholic drink he decided to try out after over nearly a decade of abstinence. 

"What? Why not? Have you seen what they're doing down here? It's down right evil. Actual, cut and dry, undeniable, textbook, evil. They're killing kids down here Lance. Kids!"

Levi saw himself glaring daggers through him as if he didn't exist.
The sharp look pointed at the man who would become one of his best friends.

"Why shouldn't I leave? It's the most moral thing I could do without opposing them directly.  
Which, frankly, is what I should be doing."

He half rose, his outrage over the events of the day compelling him to move, to stand, to do... something.

Lance just shook his head tiredly.
Then sighed in a way that made it clear he had seen Levi's outrage echoed many times before, on many different faces.

"Quitting is not a good idea Athan. You know far too much for them to just let you go."
Lance cautioned.

Levi nearly picked up his glass and threw it.
"And so… what? They'll kill me if I ever try to leave? Is that it?"

Lance very pointedly did not roll his eyes.
"No… More likely they'd have your mind blanked of anything classified before then letting you go. And given what you've seen so far, it'll be no small amount of time that you'll lose."

He took a long sip of his own drink before calmly mentioning.
"Hmmm….. Dangerous to lose that much. It can irrevocably damage the brain. Especially if they take it all at once."

The young Levi spluttered, as if he was surprised by the rather obvious answer.
"Wha-? But… Fine. Okay. What if I didn't quit then? What if I instead waited for my vacation topside. And then started telling everyone about all of the crazy unbelievable things I've seen.
The kinda things which they would rather keep swept under the rug."

He did get up now, and started to pace back and forth in front of the bar.
Talking animatedly like his mom used to do whenever she got all worked up over some large or small injustice.

"And what if I told everyone about all the magical creatures we have running about? Werewolves, fairies, and…. well… I've really only seen those two personally, but I've heard about a bunch of others. Sure I'd sound like a total lunatic and no one would believe me, but if I could just get a hold of something magical and bring it with me I could do it."

He drew his MPF and began looking at it.
"All it would take is a little bit of magic. Something that can't be explained any other way. If I could just smuggle one of these to the outside world and get it into the hands of the right person then..."

The young human man had been rambling, getting increasingly excited by the idea of defying the will of the big tyrannical organization that he had someone found himself a part of, when he suddenly caught the mood of the room and paused.

Both Lance, and his older scalier self were looking at him with a similarly jaded look.
The expression of someone who had thought of the same thing, but then were disillusioned with it long ago.

Levi… couldn't help but wilt under the scrutiny of that look.
And as his righteous anger dimmed back down into depression, he found himself reconsidering his half baked plan and doubting himself.

Frustrated, he grumpily holstered his weapon and asked.
"Why are they going through so much trouble to keep this stuff secret anyway? I mean, I get why Redgate is kept under wraps, but what about all the other stuff? What do we… they stand to gain from suppressing the knowledge of things like dragons, or gremlins, or ghosts, or whatever else it is that they're hiding from people?"

He looked to Lance for answers, hoping that he might know something.
But laynce refused to do anything but glare at him, or the wall.

Levi blew out his cheeks.
Then sat back down, and continued his thoughts.
Heedless of the trouble he was undoubtedly getting himself into.
"Are they worried it would cause a panic? Because I don't buy that excuse for a second.
So what? Why? As far as I can tell, there's no legitimate reason to keep magic a secret."

"They have a reason."
Lance finally interjected.

Young Levi blinked and turned to look at him.
He almost looked relieved, but maintained an annoyed edge to his voice.
"Oh? And what would that be?"

Lance took a long drink from his mug.
Seeming to purposefully take as long as he possibly could, taking his sweet time in putting it down and sighing.

Then he turned to him, looked him dead in the eyes, and said…
"I have no clue."

Levi spluttered at the underwhelming answer.
Especially after all that unnecessary build up too!
Lance just seemed nonplussed though, and was content to simply nurse his drink until he was called upon again.

"The hell is wrong with y- How can you be so sure that there is a- Then why do they need us to-"

Levi felt a small twist of pity for this past self.
He remembered what it was like to be the new blood, struggling to get their feet under them in this fantastical facsimile of the world they thought they knew.

Lance also remembered wearing those uncomfortable shoes at one point.
He tried not to show it, but he felt bad for the younger man.
You could see it plain as day through the cracks in his perfectly blank expression.

And so he politely cleared his throat, and cut in with the beginning to an explanation.
Albeit a rather indirect and perhaps even convoluted one, but an explanation none the less.

"Athan… I've been working for the department of unnatural defense for over two decades now. I've seen things that I can't even put into words, and been on more top secret, maximum clearance required, assignments than I care to count. I've met hundreds, if not thousands, of people who are in on the secret, and work tirelessly to maintain it... And yet…"

He let that statement hang in the air for a moment.

"And yet, of all the people I've met, none of them could explain to me why we are doing this. Why we work so hard to suppress certain types of knowledge. And to be perfectly frank with you, I don't think they even know themselves."

Levi gritted his teeth in irritation.
"So what you're saying is that there is no reason to it?"

Lance blinked a couple times.
"No...  That's not what I..."
He shook his head and tried to pull the conversation back a little.
"It's more complicated than that."

He fell silent for a second before asking.
"Have you ever heard of the five monkeys experiment?"

Levi frowned and furrowed his brow.
 "No? Sorry. I've only been a part of this for a few months now. Almost a year actually. And I've 
 never once heard about them testing strange matter on animals. I'll be honest, I've always sorta assumed that it didn't work on animals somehow. Otherwise we would just be doing this with rats… Right?"

"No no." Lance said with a dismissive wave of the hand.
"This isn't something we did. In fact, there is some debate as to if the experiment was ever actually conducted. But I digress."

Lance shifted into his seat and settled a more engaged stance.
Just as any good storyteller would.

"So basically. They put five monkeys in a big cage together. At the very center of the enclosure is a ladder that leads up to a cluster of bananas. Obviously it doesn't take long before one of the monkeys climbs up to take one. But once they reach the top the scientists spray them down with cold water. And then they spray each and every other monkey as well soon after."

Levi furrowed his brow at that, but nodded along as Lance continued.

"After the first few attempts, the monkeys quickly figure out what's going on. And then whenever any monkey begins to climb the ladder, the rest all jump them and forcefully pull them down to avoid getting soaked again. Soon, all the monkeys collectively know not to go for the bananas. Life goes on and everything is fine for a while."

Another slow nod from the younger Levi as he listened and patiently waited for the point of this tangent.

"That is until the researchers take a monkey out of the enclosure and replace it with a new, fresh monkey. That monkey sees the bananas and goes to climb the ladder, only to be pulled down and stopped by the rest of the crowd. This happens again and again until the new monkey learns not to climb the ladder, and peace is once again restored."

Lance leaned over, and let the silence linger for a moment to build tension.
"Now this is where it gets interesting. Because you see, the scientists keep rotating monkeys into the cage. One by one, until not a single one of the original five are left. Not one of the remaining monkeys knows why it is that they're not supposed to take the fruit. However… They all continue to pull down the new monkeys and drag them away from the tempting ladder. Because they remember. They remember the very real fear and anger of the monkeys who come before them. They may not know what it is, but they know something bad happens when the bananas are taken. And that alone is enough."

Levi rubbed at his temples with one hand.
"Okay yeah. I get it. We're the monkeys in this scenario. Keeping each other down just because we've been trained to think that's what we have to do."

Lance drew back and interjected hurriedly.
"No no no no no. It's not that we-"
Then he caught himself and let out an almost disgusted or even defeated sigh before clarifying.

"Okay, yes. We're the monkeys, and we're stuck in a system of fear and paranoia. But what you have to understand is that… well… The bananas are still a trap. They've never stopped being a trap. We might not know exactly what the trap is or was, but we can easily see the effect that it has had on people."

He spread his arms out to indicate the whole room.
"Look around you Levi, look at all the people who run this organization. Think of all the time, resources, and effort that's been spent on this project. And I'm not just talking about the expendable ranks like you or me. I'm talking about the real driving forces that keep this side of the world running smooth and quiet. The suits."

Levi shrugged, unimpressed.
"So they've dumped a bunch of money into keeping the secret… well… secret. So what?"

"Levi..." Lance spoke plainly. "Why do you think the suits spend so liberally and so desperately on keeping this lie going? Do you think they're stupid? These most powerful people in the world? Do you think they're lazy? Do you think they don't have better things to do with their time and resources?"

The tips of Levi's ears turned a bit red with embarrassment.
"I mean… sure… They probably do have some kind of reason. But that doesn't mean it's a good one. Maybe they are somehow making more money than they spend?"

Lance gave his friend a flat look before bursting out into a prolonged fit of hearty laughter.
"Make more money than- Do you have any idea how deep this goes? The kind of lengths they have to go through to make this all work? No one, and I do mean no one, is making any money off of this. In fact I'll bet it's a huge drain on the world's economy. Or have you not noticed the fact that we have damn near infinite resources to play with."

"I mean… yeah, you have a point. But they have to be getting *something* out of this, otherwise why else would they bother?"
Levi reasoned.

Lance lifted a finger.
"Same reason the monkeys stopped each other from climbing the ladder… fear. They're all afraid of what will happen when they stop controlling the situation. Cause that's the tricky bit here. We don't know what the trap is or what the consequences are. The only thing we know for sure are the lengths to which the monkeys before us would go to ensure that none of us would ever take the banana."

"I mean..." Levi looked somewhat defeated by that logic. 

At last he asked.
"What do you think happens?"

To which Lance just shrugged and summarized his whole rambling point into a short district answer.
"Don't know… Can't be good though."

"What is happening?"
Levi asked, as he suddenly remembered that he was here.
Or… wasn't here…
And wasn't here?

The two that had merged into one split back into two and Levi was once again reminded that this was the past and he was the future.

"Well that's terrifying…"
Groused the younger Levi as he found new reasons to not be able to sleep at night.

The older Levi looked at his claws, had a brand new existential crisis, and then ran for it.

The world simply… stopped at the end of the memory.
Familiar hallways vanishing into vacant trenches of blackness that hurt the mind to even conceive of.

Levi ran and ran, fighting against a floor that seemed to stretch itself longer rather than let him get away.

Without a second thought he jumped into the blackness.

He wasn't afraid of it anymore…

Because he knew what this was now…

He knew where he was…

He had been here before, many times in fact…

He wasn't dead…

He was simply-

Levi's whole body jumped in surprise as the thin stack of papers were slapped against the polished wooden desk with a mighty crack of sound.

"Absolutely not!"
Declared a woman with short dusty blond hair and thick black sunglasses.

Levi subconsciously rubbed and twisted at the wedding band on his ring finger of his left hand.
His skin was sweating and he couldn't help but fidget a little in his seat.
"What do you expect me to do? Lie to her? She's my fiance… The wedding is only two weeks away now. I don't… This just doesn't feel fair to her. She should know what I do for a living before she marries me. I can't just… I can't just leave it up in the air."

He looked up at the woman in the unassuming black and white business suit.
The outfit was simple, and had a timeless aspect to it.
Like the person wearing it could step into a crowd from any time period and not look too out of place.

Unless the person was a woman of course, but that said more about those time periods than it did the non distinctiveness of the outfit itself.

She sniffed disdainfully.
"Do you think you're the only one who wants to tell their friends and family? Of course not. Everyone has someone they want to tell."

The woman rolled her eyes.
"Everyone always wants to be the exception to the rule. They swear up and down that they won't tell anyone, and who knows? They might not even be lying."

Her face twisted into a challenging look of disdain.
The kind of look that could chill you to the bone.
"But we can't suffer anyone to know. Not unless they are willing to devote themselves to suppressing the knowledge that they are allowed to remember."

"But what about-"
Levi began to argue but was swiftly cut off.

"But nothing Mr. Athan. Your soon-to-be wife is not to learn of anything included within any of the DUDs extensive lists of clearance locked knowledge. If you can't marry her without telling her classified secrets then I suggest you cancel your wedding plans sooner rather than later. Do I make myself clear?"
She scolded as she half rose.

Levi sat back.
Stunned by the sudden vitriol.
Part of him wanted to vote his head and leave the room.
The other part wanted to rage and shout at the injustice of it all.

Instead he just sat there for a while.
Searching for a way to react.

When he finally found his words again his knees were trembling, and his balled up fists were shaking with bitter anger.

He knew that he shouldn't mess with this woman.
That she was one of the most powerful nobodies in the world.
But at the same time… he couldn't just let this lie.

"And what happens if I tell her anyway?"
He asked through gritted teeth and a grimacing smile.

The air went tense as he met the woman's baleful gaze.
Instantly he regretted asking the question, but he was in too deep now to back down, despite her expression demeaning that he do just that.

When she finally spoke it was slowly and deliberately.
Emphasizing her words with a sort of predatory caution.

"We would have her memories erased within the day, and you would be issued a warning. If you continued to violate our rules of secrecy then we would be forced to take more drastic measures."
She warned him in an unnervingly professional tone.

"Did you just threaten my fiance?!"
Levi snapped, too outraged to think of the consequences.

"No…" she replied coldly "I was threatening you."
After a second her face softened a little and she re-adopted that sickeningly professional calmness.

It was almost as if threatening someone's life was a common occurrence to her.
Something she did everyday for hours at a time until it was no longer significant to her at all.

"We do not like to tamper with people's memories Mr. Athan. It's risky, and it can cause irreversible damage to the mind if overused or if the recipient is just unlucky."
As she spoke she placed a small pen shaped device on the countertop.

A rod made of pure polished silver with a compartment at the end.
A compartment with a simple shutter that could be twisted to reveal… something to a viewer without being able to see it yourself.

Levi shuddered.
This was not his first time he was threatened with a glimpse of what was inside one of those things.
And some part of him knew that it wouldn't be the last either.

She leaned forward and pressed down on the small pen sized device with two fingers.
The weight of her body slowly pushed it towards him every so slightly.

"That is why we recruited you instead of ripping your thoughts out. Not because you're special in any way, but because it wastes fewer lives to recruit from accidental witnesses."

She paused as an ideal thought struck her.
"You know… I suppose if you insist on telling this woman the truth. Then you could always get her a job with us. There's always plenty of spots open for new people."

With a satisfied smile she sat back and pocketed the device. 
"Yes… That works out best for all of us. You are allowed to know about the grand conspiracy so long as you are willing to support it."

"That's not an option."
Levi insisted with steely resolve.

The suit regarded him and then just shrugged.

"I thought as much… oh well..."
She almost looked a bit disappointed at that, but more than anything she looked annoyed at having her time wasted.
"Do you need anything else? Or are we done here?"

Levi felt the fires of anger die out in him, their short lived flames giving way to a sort of bitter resignation mixed with baffled confusion.
"Are you telling me that there are no exceptions? That absolutely everyone who knows about magic must be drafted into helping cover it up?"

"That is what I just said, yes."
She answered with a clear tone of annoyance.

Levi struggled for words.
Searching for what to say.
After a bit of tripping over himself, he finally settled on the obvious question.
"Why?"

He nearly whispered the word before repeating it in a much more authoritative tone.
"Why are we doing this? What's with all of the secrecy and gatekeeping? As far as I understand it, people knew about magic and the supernatural just a couple of centuries ago. So what changed? Why is it suddenly so important that we keep people ignorant about what has always been out there?"

"Because, it's, your, job."
She snapped, very pointedly not answering the question.
"That's all you need to know. So either shut up about it, or turn yourself in for the resignation process. Either way I want you out of my office… Now..."

Rather than risk annoying her even more, Levi just nodded respectfully, stood up, and then started walking towards the door.
But before he could leave the woman raised her voice a little and casually added.

"And also, don't get any cute ideas about intentionally leaving her hints or letting her figure it out on her own. Since we will know if she starts to suspect." 
With a smug smile and pulled out the… mind erasing pen thing…
It's tip flashed a mix of green and blue as if in response to something.

She glanced at it then back at him meaningfully, though Levi had no idea what the flicker of colors meant, and she didn't care to explain it to him.

"We're watching a lot closer than you think." 
She threatened with practiced ease. 
"So don't get sloppy unless you want people to get hurt."

Levi's shoulders tensed, and he gave her a stiff nod.
He might have had some choice words to say to the woman, but he quickly decided it would be best to let her have the last word in this instance.

As he left the unfamiliar room and started heading to the elevator, he resolved to get himself a drink.
Because to be perfectly honest… he was rather shaken by the whole encounter.

Not only had he been denied his request to share his life with his soon to be spouse, but he was also being strong-armed into ensuring that she didn't figure it out on her own.

What a headache…

What a pain in the… the… tail?

Levi blinked as his tail twitched somewhere in the far reaches of his perception, thereby reminding him of the past being the past and not the present.

Levi took a step back as his past self continued to walk forward.
Causing his two selves to split off once more.
Like peeling a bandaid from the paper which protected it's adhesive.

"Damn it! I almost had… had… something..."
Levi looked around vaguely, blinking at the shifting world around him.

His memory stopped here, moving on without him to later events.
But imagination blurred in to fill the gaps like an expanding foam.
Mending the holes in the ceiling which he never bothered to look up at.

With a frown, Levi looked back into the office.
He had very nearly slammed the door shut on his way out, but now it was open. 
After all… he didn't look back…
Who was to say it stayed shut after he left?

Because that was where he was now.
Memory had retreated, leaving him with nothing but wild and immaterial speculation.

And in this hazy blur of guesswork and what ifs he saw a woman in a black suit, steepling her hands together.
A look of existential worry and regret written on her ill defined face.

Levi looked at her for a long moment, before his scowl softened somewhat.

"You didn't know the consequences either? ... Did you?"
He breathed.

The faded ghost of a memory, of the woman he had met for less than an hour over three years ago looked up at him.
She blinked, not comprehending at first, then shook her head slowly.

Perhaps it was just his imagination running wild, but seeing this memory brought so close to the others… It made it hard not to connect certain dots.

The way she tensed, that infuriating glare, the inflections of her voice, a small flicker of trepidation in her voice…

He couldn't see it at the time.
There was too much at stake, and his emotions were fresh and hot.
But looking back at it all now?

He could see the uncertainty that she hid behind her authority.

Or at least… he thought he did.

"Memories are fickle things..."
The woman's shade said casually.
Though it wasn't her voice which spoke.
"They can seem as solid as iron, or they can slip away like a picture written in the sands of an ocean."

Levi sighed as he spoke to himself through the puppet of a woman he never truly knew.
"You edit them every time you revisit them. Mold them over time to fit your biases, your fears, and your expectations."

Exasperated, he leaned his head against the palm of his hand.
"How am I supposed to know what is true, and what is just my imagination? And also, why does it even matter?"

A small hint of paranoia entered Levi's voice as he looked up and started scanning his surroundings.
"What does any of this matter? These small details in the background of the world. Who cares if anyone knows the real reason why the DUD exists? It doesn't change anything. At the end of the day I'm still here. Second guessing myself. Wandering aimlessly through a-"

Levi opened his eyes mid sentence.
"-dream?"

He blinked rapidly at the knee in his face as his mind reeled at the sudden waking from his probably less than natural slumber.
His heart raced as his body struggled to keep up with his mind and undo the sleep paralysis fast enough.

Groaning loudly, Levi heaved himself up to his knees and squinted in the harsh artificial light from overhead.

It didn't flicker or blink out.
But part of him expected it to.

Bodies littered the floor all around him.
Practically blocking off the entire hallway.
Blue vests and orange jumpers alike all caught by something.

None of them were dead, but none of them were awake either.
They lay on the floor in uncomfortable looking heeps, some had bruises on the cheeks where they had fallen.

So fast asleep that not even smacking their faces against concrete was enough to rouse them.
And Levi knew from experience just how much that hurt, so he could tell how messed up and unnatural this situation was.

"Darmn it…" He grumbled miserably. "Why is everything trying to make me hate fallen asleep?"

"Don't be mad." A chipper voice mused with painfully forced enthusiasm. "Everybody makes mistakes sometimes. Even wise old donkeys. What's really important is that you never give up on something you love."

Levi's eyes snapped to the woman sitting against the wall.
Her eyes were closed and she was pretending to hold something.
A liar's smile mixed seamlessly with the pained grin of an over stressed daycare worker.

And when she spoke it was with the same thoughtlessly saccharine voice as someone whose job it was to brainwash and indoctrinate young children.

Levi checked his muzzle and looked down at his lanky misshapen reptilian form.
Just to make sure everything was back to norm-
…
Back to the way it was.

He looked at the woman and thought about running for his life.
But felt it was wrong to just leave these people here, and he wasn't sure if she could be reached or not.

So he shook his head, cleared his throat, and gambled on the only idea he could think of.
"Um… hi. My nameb is Levi. Levi Athan?"

That seemed as good a place to start as any.

She snapped her head towards him, so fast and sharp that the bone made a faint clicking sound.
But she maintained that same painful smile.

"Let's all say hello to Levi, okay? Because it's nice to be nice and you wouldn't want people saying mean things behind your back now would you?"
She shook slightly as she spoke, like a pot of water about to boil over.

"What's yours?" He tried.

Her eyelids twitched, as her smile turned ever so slightly pensive.
As if she just realized that she had forgotten something.
But she was back to normal in an instant.

"They named me-"

Her head snapped again.
This time faster than the muscles could move it.
Her neck snapped with a sickening pop as her head was thrown down and to the side.

Levi could have sworn he just saw her die, but it was hard to tell.

Mostly because some other force had grabbed him and shoved him in the same direction.
Rotating downwards towards the floor.

He braced for the impact but it never came.
He fell and fell and fell.
Until he fell straight through the floor, and then back up into another world.

A dark reflection of the one he just came from.
A twitching nightmare.
He had fallen asleep again!

No… not fallen…
Levi had been thrown asleep!

The ever reliable ceiling lights did flicker here.
Providing shutting glimpses of the twisted shapes that had replaced the unconscious bodies that had surrounded him mere moments ago. 

Levi saw arms and limbs and faces, mixed with bright orange and navy blue clothing.
That much had remained the same.

But where the bodies had been numerous in the real world, here they were all just… one shape…
A single unbroken mass that stretched across the floor, like a horrifying carpet.
Like ground or dirt meant to be stepped on.

They were still in a hallway, but now it stretched on impossibly far.
The world slowly giving way to distant black in both directions.

Levi saw forever open up on both ends and felt sick with fear.
It was like looking up at the sky and fearing the thought of falling into it.

Yet despite the infinite expanse, the ceiling and walls were somehow suffocating.
Too small for his awkwardly tall body, and practically pressing down on him.
Somehow… somehow he knew… 
They were much, much deeper down in this world than the real one.

Did this world even have a proper sky?
Or was it just infinity underneath infinity?

Agoraphobia and claustrophobia warred with each other for control over Levi mind, but he refused to let either win.

Instead he focused on her.
The one woman who was the constant between both worlds.

A malicious… thing, which smiled insincerely.
"Somnia."

Slowly she stood to her feet, and as she did she pulled him out of the nightmare and back into reality.

Levi woke with a gasp and a jolt.
"I don't..."

She tilted her head the other way and Levi immediately felt himself sink back into unconsciousness again.

It was like his mind was a toy in her hands.
A ball or yoyo, sinking down and rising up at her whim.

"What do you-" the nightmare receded into gloriously clear reality once more.
He gasped, but spoke quickly.
"What are you doing what do you want?"

Levi could feel the way his brain was rapidly drifting between dull foggy headed drowsiness, and sharp panicked wakefulness.

It made him feel like a child again, learning to swim without a life jacket for the first time.
It was so hard to keep his head above water for very long, but almost impossible to stay fully submerged even if he wanted to.

A constant push and pull.
A slow bobbing up and down, as the world flipped on its head again and again.
Shuffling reality among dozens of somewhat different shadows of reality until he lost track of which one was which, like some kind of horrific shell game.

All the while, she remained as the one true constant.
A tall, somewhat ragged looking woman with closed eyes and a smile that wasn't a smile.

She opened her mouth and something lied with her strenuously cheerful voice.
"I want everyone to get along and be the best themselves that they can be… Silly."

"Why are-" Levi struggled to maintain his train of thought as she throttled his brain on and off. 
"Why are you doing this?" He tried not to scream as he was pulled out and then back into reality.

Or at least… he thought it was reality.

For an answer she simply shrugged.
"Because you've been a good little boy and you deserve a treat."

Levi tensed at what could have been an extremely offensive comment about him not being human anymore.
But that assumption got muddled up rather quickly as she continued to explain, seemingly oblivious to his reaction.

"Unlike some of the boys and girls. You sat still and haven't pulled out any loud toys that could disturb the class. Also you haven't broken anything! That's good enough to get a gold star! You want a golden star now don't you?"
She asked as she held nothing and something painfully bright between her thumb and index finger.

Levi saw nothing when he was awake.
But once he sank below the waves of consciousness he had to shield his tightly closed eyes from the burning stinging light she offered him.

It burned his scales, making them flake off in blackened flakes which vanished into healthy blue when the pain shocked him awake again.

"I ugh! No thamk you I'm good!"
Levi whined out rapidly as he covered his stinging eyes with one arm and tried to make a refusing gesture with his other hand.

The women didn't make a sound, but Levi felt himself start to slip again.
He tried to fight it but there was no escaping the tide he found himself caught up in.

The waves grabbed him and swept him away.
Back to the same spot, and a familiar body.
He was human again, and his arm was horribly sunburned with painful red blisters.

But the lights that had caused the burns which these burns had been copied from were already gone.

After a second Levi chanced a look at the rather annoyed looking women in the orange jumpsuit.
Somehow she managed to glare at him without opening her eyes.

"If you don't want to improve or be better then how are you ever going to be successful in life? Don't you want to get a job, and get married someday?"
She scolded dryly.

"I uh..." Levi didn't have a speech impediment in this version of reality, yet he was still having trouble responding to that. "I already have a wife... And a daughter..."

Somnia huffed and folded her arms.
All of the wind seemingly taken out of her sails for the moment.

Levi wasn't even sure if her sudden change of mood was even because of anything he said.
The poor woman seemed to be off in a world all her own, and was just… ignoring him.

"Not good to lie…"
She grumbled unhappily.

"I'm not lying… I can prove it if you let me go back and get something from my room."
Levi insisted.

"We should all stay together kids… you don't want to get lost… the fire... is... very... hot..."
Somnia muttered to herself, as her head slowly swiveled back and forth.

Then she let it droop.
And there was erie silence for an uncomfortably long time, before she began to whisper.
Her fake voice growing more and more faded with each word.
"Let's all… take a… short… nap… And think… about… what… you've… done…"

Levi felt a chill run down his spine and took an imagery step back.
But there was nowhere to run to.

He was asleep, he realized.
And so was she.

He had been dragged asleep so many times by her power, but she always has to wake him up before she could drag him under again.

Now though… now felt like she was slowly relinquishing her grip on his mind.
Almost as if she herself was falling asleep.

So why?

…

Why was he not walking up yet?

Why did he still feel like he was falling?

Falling deeper, and deeper, and…

Wasn't he already asleep?

How could he fall further than that?

What kind of black lurked beneath the dim twilight of unconsciousness?

Death!?

Levi felt the ground beneath him begin to dip.
Curving inwards towards the lingering shape of women long gone from this world.

No…

The next layer down was not death…
It was something... else… wasn't it?

Levi… Levi had gone there once before… hadn't he?

A dark place where memories could not escape.
Like light trapped within a blackhole.

What… What happened to him while he was in that coma?

What was it like beneath the black?

He couldn't say… but it called to him.

Inviting… welcoming…
But not warm…

Cold…

Empty…

Nothing…

The floor snapped as it dipped.
Fractured under the weight pressing down on it.
Revealing the visual representation of a concept.

The cracks in the fragile pretense of existence that all dreaming minds created to protect themselves.

Nightmares?
Nightmares were nothing.
Just distractions from the true horror.
Fake sources of death, dreamed up as a replacement for the real thing.

Not darkness… not the black used as a stand-in for those who could not truly understand the idea.
But nothing…

Truly indescribable, unrecognizable…

Nothing...

Between the cracks in the floor Levi saw the expiration of his own perception.
As reality itself was eaten up by the same force that had swallowed up his memories the first time.

The dream was collapsing down into that third layer of conciseness which skirted the line between alive and dead.

Was that where it had been born from?
The thing which walked in this poor woman's skin and spoke with her voice?

Was the entity which inhabited her now the same as the one which took Rachel's place?

Was it a fragment of the same whole?

Or did their minds just break in similar ways?

"You should get out of there before you fall."
Levi knew that she wouldn't listen, that he shouldn't bother trying and just run instead.

But just in case he tried his best anyway.
He cupped his claws to his face and yelled.
"HEY SNAP OUT OF IT!"

She didn't respond of course, but Levi wasn't expecting her too anyway.

He shrugged, turned around and started walking away.
He looked back once to see the floor give out beneath her, as her hanging body plummeted silently into the… out of the… down to the…

She swiftly vanished from the part of the dream that he could observe directly, and her influence all but vanished from his mind completely.

He closed his eyes and tried to force himself to wake up, but he couldn't.
There was no supernatural force holding him down this time though.
It seemed that this was just an ordinary one of those lingering nightmares which everyone occasionally got themselves trapped in.

Levi half knew that his lucidity was failing him.
Now that he wasn't constantly flipping into the real world anymore, everything else seemed so very… interpretive.

Perhaps that was a problem, but Levi couldn't remember why.

Instead he focused on the spreading cracks of blackness which snaked their way through the concrete with a constant slow crumbling sound.

An inverted hill sank into the ground like a creator.
Growing deeper by the second.
At the very bottom of the unnatural curve was the hole that Somnia fell through.

A growing fracture that threatened to-

Levi turned around and started to calmly walk away. 
Incomprehensible manifestations of existential horror and dread waited behind him.
But he stubbornly ignored them.

Not because he wasn't scared of it, he was terrified out of his mind.
But the truth was…

Levi had finally hit his breaking point.

There was only so much fear, anxiety, grief, and frustration that someone could endure before they just became despondent and resigned.

And so Levi just walked away.
He moved briskly, but he did not run, and he did not look back either.

Perhaps he would live, perhaps he would die.
Maybe he had control, maybe he didn't.
This all could be real, or this all could be an elaborate delusion.

Questions danced about Levi's head and he put them aside.

He was sick of this hell, done with trying to drag his life out of the melstrom of bad luck and misery it had become.

So he gave up fighting it and simply walked away.
If death wanted to follow him, then so be it.

The walls bent and twisted into mirrors that showed him a distorted scaled face.
A monstrous face, with sharp nightmarish teeth and cold black eyes.
 
Levi regarded his face in the mirror and walked on.
Yes it horrified him, and he shuddered when he thought about it.

But what was he to do?
Cower in fear at his own reflection?
Attack the mirror?
Harm himself?

No… The monster was here to stay…

At any moment it could reach through the mirror and take him.
And then that monster would kill the man, and take his place among the living.

Who could say what it would do then?
It might decide to kill everyone and everything that the man once knew it loved.

Levi had seen many such monsters do the same, and his heart burned with righteous fury at the thought of it.

For a moment, Levi held onto that fire.
He turned around and stared back at the creeping darkness behind him with a defiant glare.

Don't you dare…

He nearly said the words out loud.
Then, abruptly, he hung his head and marched onward.
Just a few paces ahead of the screaming darkness which taunted him to run… to flee it's touch.

He did not…

Death nipped at his heels, but he ignored it like an annoying little dog, and simply shambled forward aimlessly.
Lost in his thoughts.

So terribly anxious and afraid that his emotions looped all the way around and flipped the other way.
Becoming irrationally calm.

He held his head down as the darkness closed in around him.
He did not dare slow his pace, but saw no reason to look up either.

Levi had never been a very religious person.
Sure he was half Jewish, but his mom didn't  really practice the faith.
Neither she nor him had ever really believed in the concept.

Even after his eyes were open to the truth of magic, Levi still didn't believe in a God.
At least… not a loving, benevolent one.
Not one that answered prayers.

How could he?
After seeing so many pleas for salvation go unanswered.
How could providence possibly pass over so many men, women, and children if higher powers truly were looking out for humanity?

And even then, Levi knew so many who deserved help far more than him.
What injustice would it be for God to save him, and not the innocent kids he let suffer?

Levi felt the shame and guilt weighing on him.
It was an old familiar burden which had tormented him long before he became a monster.

Or perhaps… 

Perhaps he had already been a monster from the start.
Oh what sweet poetic irony his transformation would be if seen under that light.
Such a fitting punishment for his cowardly inaction.

Perhaps there was a God after all… or at least some form of cosmic karma.

Levi wanted to believe that there was someone out there in this moment.
And so he did something he had not done in a long long time...

Levi tried to pray.
In his own, ill practiced way.

I don't know if you're out there.
Or what you're actually like behind all the fictions and blatant attempts to manipulate people.

But please… I beg you…

If you're out there.
If anyone or anything is out there.

Please…

I need help.

I need…

I…

…

Levi…

Stopped.

The darkness swept around him and overtook the long dark tunnel.
Leaving nothing but the tiniest patch of ground for him to stand on.

He might have already been falling without realizing it.

"I'm sorry… I'm sorry for everything."

Levi looked up, but not towards heaven.
There was no place for him there.

Levi stared up at the endless black stone above him, and smiled bitterly.

"Wherever you are… I hope you are doing okay…
Stay safe up there… 
Margret…"

Here at least, in this dark reflection, he could cry like he was accustomed to.
With warm wet tears streaming down his face.

"I should have listened to you… I should have quit the instant I found out what they were doing down here. I should have fled the island and taken you back to America with me. I should have died for what I knew was right."

He looked at his claws, still fully visible despite the lack of light, and sighed.

"Better that than to let myself become a monster."

Levi's heart ached, but still, he smiled.
It felt good to finally admit it to himself.
To acknowledge in no uncertain terms, his most painful regret.

It didn't clear away his guilt.
And it was far, far too late to escape the consequences.
But that was fine with him.
He'd pay the price.

After all of this time cowering in fear, he finally found the courage to do the right thing.

Not that it would do anyone any good now.

Levi had to laugh at himself.

Of course he had to wait until he was literally standing on the precipice of oblivion before he could commit to being a better man.

What a joke, what despicable cowardice.

Levi doubled over laughing at himself with malicious self hatred.
Though the only sound to escape his lips was a horrible, wheezing, half muted chuckle.

The darkness enveloped him, but he welcomed it now.

He was done fighting it.

Better to fall back into a coma.

Better to let his mind be hollowed out and replaced by something eldritch and other.

Better to die for real this time.

Levi fell into the chillingly temperate blackness.

And then…

He stopped breathing.

Levi woke abruptly, as his body responded to the clawing depression caused by a lack of oxygen.

He gasped sweet, over filtered air with a painfully sharp intake of breath.
And he realized that his face was pressed against the ground.
Or rather, his arms were folded and sandwiched between the floor and his cheek.

His knees were bent and his butt was in the air.
Tail curving downwards in a tight arch.
It seemed as if he was standing at one point, but slowly collapsed without falling entirely.

Levi let himself fall all the way, then sat up and looked around.

He wasn't anywhere near where he encountered Somnia, and she was nowhere to be seen.
It confused and disoriented him at first, until he came to the realization that he had been sleep walking.

"I must hav just kept wallked until I was out of reech of her powar… if I had tried to run away I would have fallen and gotten nowhere…"
Levi considered this, then laughed shakely.
"Sounds ike there should be a proverb im there somewhare."

He knew that this was real, because his laughter was that weird unnatural chortling sound, rather than anything a human might make.

And for once he didn't curse the sound.
It was a monster's laugh, true, but he was a monster now wasn't he?

A fitting punishment perhaps?

For some reason Levi found comfort in that idea, even though he doubted it on an intellectual level.
It would be so much easier to accept his fate if it was just the natural consequences of his actions.

But karma didn't… couldn't exist.
The enduring legacy of redgate was proof enough of that.

Levi's smile slipped fractionally.
Then he forced himself to stand.

"What's done is done... only thing left is to keep moving forword."
He narrated to himself as he shuffled along.
It might have been pointless, but he still had to practice talking.
For his own sanity if nothing else.

"I wonder how much of that was reel… how many people feel victm to her... Somia… I don't remmember her. She must be new."
He spared a glance back, just to make sure she wasn't following him.
"Dangerous, but not teh worst. Whatever's opening cells prololy hasn't gotten to the reel worse yet. Els there'd be hell to p-"

Levi's back straightened and his eyes went wide.
"...oh no..."
He whispered in chilled horror as he remembered what powers truly waited down here.

The most dangerous one of all.

The instantaneous end of existence, blandly waiting in a bottle.

Rachel Hillworthy.

She could not be allowed out of her cell.
Her door couldn't even be allowed to crank open.
For if it did… of her voice got out...

Seven words…

In one of her few moments of lucidity she had once claimed that seven words sent back in time to just the right place would be enough to end all life on this planet.
And Levi had believed her without out a… well… with only a shadow of a doubt.

Frantically he looked for a map, a set of guiding lines, a familiar location.
Anything that could give him his bearings and tell him where he was.

He hadn't bothered before, because he had just been wandering around aimlessly.
But now he had a destination, a goal.

Keep Conscience contained at all costs.

Levi sprinted, unceremoniously tripped on his own stupid over active tail, stood back up, and then proceeded at a brisk but still careful pace.

He wasn't even jogging, but he still had to keep a hand on one wall for support as he walked along.
Perhaps it was too casual a pace, but at least he wasn't stuck crawling on the floor anymore.

As it was he still fell once or twice, but he was used to it by now and just got back up.

He was in a low section of the facility, and it was… eerily quiet.
He could see through the excessively thick bullet proof glass that all the cells were empty.

The sight of all the doors being left wide open like that was horribly surreal and uncanny for someone like Levi.

"How did this happen?"
He mumbled to himself before his ears pricked up at something.
A small sound in the distance.

Levi grabbed his strange inverted ears and bent them back with his fingers so that their cupped shape would actually catch the sound instead of blocking it out.

Stupid nonsensical things…

If he had to have animal ears then it would be nice for them to actually be useful.
But no… his body wasn't something sharpened and honed by a millennia of evolution.

The design for his body just popped into existence.
Probably born from the depths of his subconscious or something.

Levi hurt his ears both inside and out as he strained to hear the short barking commands being thrown around.

He could only hear them when they raised their voice, and they weren't trying to be all that quiet to begin with.
But they were getting closer, and easier to hear. With each passing second.

In fact Levi was just about to let go of his ears when he heard a close, but much quieter voice wispier something.

There was a soft thudding sound.
Like several bodies hitting the floor in rapid succession.
And then there was silence.

And it was then that Levi realized what direction he was headed.

…he was going back the way he came...

Levi… backed away slowly…

He crouched down, hugged the wall, and tried to be as stealthy as possible.
As if she could see him through the walls, and he had to be careful not to get her attention.

She would be a literal nightmare for anyone going down that hallway.
But luckily, this whole place was designed to have multiple routes one could take to get around. 
To safeguard against this exact scenario, of a super powerful individual blocking off one hallway.

Good thing too, because if it was just one long tube, then all it would take is one mess up to strand and paralyze half of redgate.

Levi backtracked a little ways before ducking into an intersection which he had previously skipped over.
He had wanted to get to the elevator for obvious reasons.
But with the path blocked off by Somnia's madness, he really only had one choice.

Levi swallowed hard as he opened the door into the stairwell.
The air felt different here.
Colder, slightly cleaner, though no less stale.

The stars were utilitarian in design, just like everything else in redgate, and were wide enough that three or four people could comfortably walk beside each other up and down.

There were also cold metal handrails to hopefully keep you from tumbling off the edge, and it seemed stable enough.

The rotating nature of the stairs meant that they had to have a light installed into the wall at each and every twist of the stairs.
Either that or risk leaving some of the area in potentially hazardous dim lighting.

Levi heard the tinny sound of several sets of rapid footfalls suddenly starting to run again after a moment of hesitation caused by his arrival.

On impulse he moved over to the bannister to get a better view.
Though it was only after he a already propping himself up on the railing that it really occurred to him how much of a monumentally stupid idea this was.

Levi still had the coordination of a toddler, and railing it not, all it would take to send his slim lanky body over the edge would be him losing control in just the wrong way for a second.

So he stumbled away from the edge, and hugged the wall instead.
But not before getting a good look at the group of six people in bright orange jumpsuits.

They had been running upstairs, but they took one look at him and immediately changed directions.

"No good, it's another monster!"
He heard one of them exclaim.

"Do you think we could take them?"
A younger voice asked, probably one of the two children that were with them.

"No way! We have no clue what it does, and I'm not risking my face getting melted off."

Levi hesitated, then called out weakly.
"Stop… erm... Go back to your cells and wait four us to sort this all out. It's not safe for-"

He didn't get much further before he was cut off by more exclamations.
"Wait a minute. It talks!?"

"Should we see if they want to escape with us?"

"Hell no! That guy with the weird hair said to stay away from anything that doesn't look at least mostly human, and did he just say-" 

"We'll find another group, another way out. MOVE! Before they catch us."

"Oh God I knew it! We've been abducted by aliens! He must be one of-"

Their frantic voices rapidly dimmed as they fled him.

"Wait!" Levi called after them. "I'm not a monster! I'm not going to hurt you! I just want to… to... "
He tried to follow them down but was caught by the fact that he couldn't safely descend the stars nearly as fast as they could.

In fact he wasn't sure if he should even risk walking down the stairs, since accidentally falling down them could potentially kill him.

But the potential risks weren't the only reason why he stopped chasing them.
Levi slumped to the ground, sat on the first few steps, and buried his face in his hands.

Why was he chasing them in the first place?
To drag them back into their prison to have their lives stolen away from them?
Why was he still trying to help redgate commit their atrocities?

Hadn't he just had an epiphany about staying true to his morals even if it got him in trouble?
Why was he trying to chase people down again?

Levi was horrified to realize that he was just acting out of… habit?

No… No! 
He refused to be their puppet anymore!
He played his part, he did his job, and he kept his family out of trouble.

But now?
Levi Athan was dead.
He died almost exactly a year ago.
So what more could they take away from him?
What else did he have to lose?

Why not help people escape instead?
Why not be the hero and cast his lot in with the victims.
Or… the sane victims at the very least.

Perhaps he would…
But… not all of them.

Levi was not an idiot.
He knew that there were exceptions.
That there were some things down here that should remain locked up forever.

And since he himself had no intention of escaping this place, he might as well go the other way and ensure that the monsters and demons stay down here with him.

Levi had no blue vest, yet that didn't matter.
He was already dressed in blue, despite his only article of clothing being beige.

It was ironic really.
Even after his death he was still doing his job of keeping magic contained and safely locked away from the world.

Only this time?
He was going to do it his way.

Levi slid on his butt down the stairs, one step at a time.
He tried to go as fast as he dared, aiming for safety rather than comfort.
The fact that he had a tail just complicated matters, but he did eventually reach the floor he was looking for.

"Okay Levi… pull yourself togeter. All you have to do is make sure she is okay. And then... afer that..."

After that he was going to do something incredibly stupid and reckless.

The stairs were remarkably unfamiliar to Levi.
Sure he had been on them a few times here and there, but he rarely had a reason to use them over the many elevators scattered throughout the facility.

Mostly because there was a seemingly unnecessary amount of space between each of the major floors.
So you had to go up, or in this case down, several flights of stairs just to progress a single level.

And that would have been annoying even if he was walking normally, instead of scooting down like a dog scratching it's rear.

For a single moment, Levi saw something large and chitinous appear on one of the walls.
Like some sort of black crab or spider the size of a small car.

It took one look at him with it's many eyes hidden amongst it's limbs and recoiled slightly as if somewhat surprised to see him here.

Levi by contrast barked out in alarm, primping the creature to scuttle back the way it came.
Vanishing into a crack in space that he only recognized as a portal to another location after it had already closed.

Levi screamed for a minute until he realized that it was well and truly gone.
Then he felt like an idiot, and took a moment out to cringe at the embarrassing sounds he had made.

He hated how he whined and whimpered like a dog sometimes when he was upset.
It wasn't technically involuntary, but he often did it instinctually without thinking about it.

Levi tried not to dwell on it.
Rather, he was just glad that thing wanted nothing to do with him.
Though it's appearance was an unpleasant reminder that literally anything could happen down here now that fifty years of recklessly curated madness had been set free from Pandora's box.

After taking a few deep breaths to staff himself Levi found the courage to keep going.

He was relieved to get to the bottom of the stairs, even though he sucked at walking, since he was getting sick of sliding down on his arse.
It wasn't exactly painful or difficult or anything, it was just… undignified.
And he was fairly certain it wore out his shorts as well.

As Levi rose to his feet and leaned on the wall he realized that there were sounds coming from the other side of the door.

People running, talking rapidly amongst themselves, arguing, crying…
And not just a few people either.

Levi pushed the door open and was met by the colorful glass of one of the high security sections.
It was so familiar except for one thing.

He had never, ever, seen the hallways this full before.
It wasn't exactly packed to the point where people were rubbing shoulders with each other or anything.
But it was a sizable gathering.
Far more than what should have come from just this one level.

They mingled about, trying not to look at the decapitated bodies lying on the floor.
Some were still looking at the cleanly chopped limbs in a state of shock, while others guarded their sanity by directly refusing to look down at the severed heads of their fellow jumpers.

A familiar group of people looked over at him, and one of them immediately pointed.
"It's the thing! The blue snake person! I told you it was going to follow us down here!"

They were clearly upset and agitated, but the ones that weren't paralyzed by horror were jittering with hot blooded excitement.
And they weren't the only ones.

The air was practically humming with an electric charge, almost as if they all had his ability to manifest lightning from their emotions.

There was potential here, like a spring wound up tight and set to release.
But also a crushing sense of urgency.
Like all this energy had to be vented somewhere fast before the whole contraption exploded, and everyone knew it.

A few sparks of very literal energy began to coalesce around Levi as it dawned on him that he could very easily become an outlet for all that fear and need for action.

If the mob should decide him to be a threat then-

Thankfully cooler heads prevailed, as someone else, not from the scouting party called out.
"Hey you! These knuckleheads said you could talk. You a monster? Because even if you are, you might want to consider playing nice long enough to get out of here."

The middle aged man was a PVT.
With blank, featureless eyeballs that were the same color as his tan skin.
He also had a conspicuous patch of gray green scales replacing the skin on the bridge of his nose.

But despite his lack of pupils or irises, he still managed to be just as expressive as anyone else when he glared at him.

"Oh… And before you start killing people. Keep in mind that everyone down here has some wacky super powers of their own. We might not all know what we're doing, but we're ready to fight off any monster that gets violent. So what's it going to be? You gonna play nice and get to stay like the tiger dog gecko thing? Or are you going to attack like that portal scorpion and get your ass handed to you?"

Levi's eyes flickered to the blood pooling beneath the decapitated bodies, then back at the man.

His fingers twitched nervously, and Levi could feel the pressure of some kind of magic closing around him.

He did not wait to figure out what his power was.
He just threw up his hands and tried to look as non threatening as possible.

"Please… I don't want any troble."
Levi winced at the way people drew back in surprise when he talked.
As if they weren't expecting him to be anything more than a rambling shell of a man.

They eyed him with suspicion, and conserved amongst each other as they held the line against him, unsure of what to do next.

"It sounds like a deaf kid. Do you think they can even hear us?"

"It wanted us to go back to our rooms. It's working with them!"

"He… I'm pretty sure they're male."

"I told you! It's aliens! We've all been abducted by aliens!"

"I mean, you can't tell just by looking at em. Who knows what they were before they got to em."

"What is that in the air next to them? Are you charging up for an attack!"

Everyone tensed with murderous panic as someone pointed out the floating motes of motes of blue light hovering around Levi's head.

A dagger made of flowering red liquid materialized in the hand of a short South Asian woman that Levi actually recognized.
But the man with scales on his nose put his hand on her arm and stopped her before she could throw it.

Levi winced, but pushed forward.
"My name is Levi Athn. Please let me throu, I
won't hurt anyone. These lights they… I don't have control off them. But I think they are mostly safe."

Bloodletter's dagger vanished as she recognized the name.
"Wait a… Mister Athan!?"
She whispered to herself in surprise, eyes wide with disbelief as she looked him over a second time.

The leader looked at her with interest.
"You know this one? Did they neighbor your room or something?"

She shook her head and spoke up some.
"No, not at all. He was… he was one of the guards. He used to talk to me for a little while every Tuesday morning. But then… one day he just stopped showing up. I thought he died or something."

Then she looked back at Levi and called out.
"Hey it's me, Melissa. What happened to you? You look, um, different... You're not a physic monster impersonating people from our past are you?"

Levi recoiled slightly.
"No, I've just been… wait. Is that a thing?"

She nodded rapidly.
"Oh yeah. They lure you in by telling you exactly what you want to hear and..."
She cut off her haunted look with one of confusion, then certainty.
"But you're not one of them, are you? This whole situation is, believe it or not, way too suspicious to be them. So what happened to you?! Why are you… that? Was it one of us that got you with some kind of shape shifting power?"

Levi winced at that, but didn't get a chance to answer.
As there were plenty of other people talking.
Practically shouting over each other to be heard in the chaos.

He decided to focus on who he could only assume was the leader of this group.
The man with skin colored eyes.

"Forget that. You said that you're one of them? A guard? How do we know you're not here to capture us? Because the way I see it, your buddies up there are cutting us off from every exit we find, and are trying to keep us trapped down here in this maze. The only reason we are not all in cages right now is because we have some bull crap power of another.

Why are they doing that by the way? I mean… Why are they making us super heros and then pretending we don't exist? What's the end goal here? Shouldn't they be… doing something with us? Trying to force us to fight a war or something?"

Levi had to chuckle a little.
A bitter chortling sound that skirted the edge of hyperventilating.
"I hav no idea what's going on."

He gestured down at himself.
"As you can probably gess, I'm not a vest anymore. But even when I was, the suits never told us their reasoning for anything anyway. Sorry I can't be more helpf-"

"The hell should we trust em?"
Someone interjected furiously.
Plenty of people were already taking over him, but she was just too loud to ignore.
They demanded attention and easily drowned out Levi's slow and stilted words. 

"You yourself were telling us to go back to our cages! We all heard you! I don't care if you lost the uniform. You're still one of them! At the very least you're still working for them!"

She then turned to the leader and tried to appeal to him directly.
"Come on Pablo. Let's drive him away like the others. He can't take all of us on, no matter what he does."

The leader, Poblo apparently, held up his hand as if to say 'enough'.
But the women continued to complain.
So he just brushed past her and took a curious step closer towards Levi.

"This true?"
He asked, inviting him to speak up again and ignore the other fracturing conversations happening at the same time.

"It's… yes I… think it's a bad idea to leave. Done of us shouldn't be up there with reguar peeple. We have powers we camt control, which make us dangeris. It's not are falt, but we still have to be responsble for what night happen."
Levi looked down at his swaying feet and tried to focus on not falling over.
Then he sighed and looked away.
"And some of us ar monshters who wouldn't be abll to go back to a normel life regerdliss."

Poblo hesitated for a breath before raising his voice in irritation.
"Hey, who you calling a monster?"

Levi looked alarmed, and quickly slapped a hand against chest.
"Me! I'm a monstor, not... I'm sorry. I didn't meen to imply-"

Again Poblo interrupted.
"And why do you say that?"

"Because… I…"
He was honestly taken aback by the question.
Levi gestured to the whole of his body.
"I mean look at me."

Actually, was that it?
Could Poblo even see him?
The guy didn't have pupils, or if he did they were the same tan color as the rest of the eye.
That couldn't be good for catching the light right?

At first Levi had assumed that he could see because of magic or whatever, but now that he thought about it, it was also possible that he was just blind.

There was an awkward pause in the conversation between them.
Then, as Levi was formulating an apology, Poblo scoffed.

"That's it?"
He seemed honestly baffled and let his question hang in the air for a breath longer, as if waiting for further explanation.
When it didn't come he rolled his eyes.
Or rather, rolled his head around as if he were rolling his eyes.

Then he pointed at the bridge of his nose.
"Do you see what's on my face? What those potions or drugs or whatever you put in me have done to my eyes? My hair is brown now, when it used to be black!"

Levi could hear his voice waver a little with barely contained emotion as he lectured him, with wide sweeping gestures of the hands.
"You changed me. Made me into some kind of freak. There are days when I look in the mirror and I have a hard time recognizing the face staring back at me. But you know what?"

He relaxed, took a deep breath, and gently felt at the place where his skin changed texture.
When he spoke next it was with righteous conviction.
"My scales don't make me a monster… and neither do yours."

Levi blinked in surprise.
"I… Thank you... I think I really needed to hear that. And I'm sure I'll cry about- er- I'll really be impictad by it later. But right now I have something very impertant that I have to do."

Poblo frowned, clearly put off by how quickly Levi seemed to brush off his heartfelt gesture.
"Let me guess… You need to escape this place too? Well unfortunately your just as trapped down here as-"

Levi limped past him, hugging the wall as he shook his head.
"I'm not going anywere. You all can leave, but I'm staying here."

The man blinked, then threw up his hands in frustration.
"Then where are you going?"

Levi chuckled bitterly as he continued to shuffle along.
"To make sure the werld doesn't end before you have a chance to get out in it."

They followed him for a bit, curious as to what he was doing and weary of trying to stop him.
The sparks had all but faded by now, but they still remembered them well enough to give him a wide circle of space.
Either that or they were weary of the damage he could inflict with teeth and claws.

Still… These were desperate people.
Fear alone wouldn't be enough to hold them back.
In fact it might drive them to fight him even harder.

With this many people and this many powers they could easily beat him down.
The only reason they didn't, ironically enough, was the fact that he was slow.

These people were paranoid, frightened, ready to jump on the next threat and tear it to shreds for the sake of their own survival.

But all that nervous energy left them as they watched Levi… well… struggle.
It was rather embarrassing to be honest, and Levi felt himself flush under his scales.
He didn't ignore their looks, or the conversations they had about him as if he wasn't six feet away from them, but didn't engage with anything that would waste his precious time either.

"Hey." Poblo snapped his fingers to try to get his attention "Are you even listening? No one said you could come in yet. I don't care about how you look, but people are scared and I need you to cooperate with us."

Poblo looked around and leaned in before lowering his voice.
"What do you mean back there. About the world ending? Do you know something we don't?"

Levi exhausted sharply through his nose and looked at the man.
"Bearly..." He sighed "Look, all I knogh is there is somone down here who needs to stay lock ed up. I know, I know. You want to get everyone out, but she ism't like you or evan me. She's… um…"

"Completely insane, entirely unreasonable, and weirdly malicious for no good reason?"
Poblo provided helpfully.

Levi winched but nodded.
"Not the first you've met?"

The man shrugged.
"We've encountered a few. And unfortunately each one has been extremely powerful in their own way. The only reason we've survived is because they're usually rather stupid and we work together."

Levi nodded, he knew the pattern well.
Strange matter gave people unlimited power to start with.
But they rapidly developed various limitations to their abilities.
Nonsensical dream-like locks that restricted the way their powers worked.
Giving them a set of unchanging rules and structures to follow that were not there before.

But some people kept more of that original power than others.
Some people adopted far fewer limitations, or were bound by much more lenient rules.
However, of those who did, they almost always lost something of themselves in return.

They changed.
In mind and body.
Rarely for the benign, and almost never for the better.

Levi tentatively stepped over a corpse that had been left by the wall.
He didn't see where the head had gone.
Was it inside the wall, or was the body just leaning against it?

"You've gotten luckie so far. But that won't last forver."
Levi gestured back the way he came.
"Floor M4's got something nasty in it by the way. Caught a lot of vests and jumps ahlike."

Poblo raised his eyebrows and nodded over to one of his… subordinates? followers?
Levi still wasn't sure of the command structure in play here.
Though he was relieved to see that people were rapidly warming up to his presence.

Probably because he was just one of many highly volatile moving parts in this machine of random people trying to navigate the madness.

Poblo gave Levi an appraising look as he walked beside him.
"Thanks for the tip. I'll be sure to keep my next round of scouts-"

BANG!BANG!BANG!BANG!

The rapid sounds of several high powered explosions going off at once from several stories up shook the whole floor.
Making dust and fragments of cement and plaster rain down on the terrified crowd of jumpers.

There were a few weak examinations of surprise, but it seemed clear that this was an ongoing concern of theirs which they had been dealing with for at least a few hours.

Or maybe it was just the one?
Time always seemed to move both too slowly and too fast in a situation like this.
It really messed with one sense of time.

"Whoa! Are you okay?"
Poblo asked.

Levi almost didn't know why at first until he realized his chin was on the ground.
Apparently his foot must have slipped out from under him while he was distracted.

He stubbornly pushed himself up without help and rubbed at his snout with a whimper.
Then an annoyed snap at the hand offered to him.
"Don't touch me! sersly… thank you and all, but pleas. I miht shock you by axeident."

Poblo looked at the flickering motes of light and promptly backed up.
He knew better than to mess with someone who didn't have control over their ability.
"Are you hurt?"

Levi suppressed a shrill whine that was threatening to bubble up in the back of his throat.
Then shook his head.
"I'm fine… just startld by... what was that noise?"

Poblo spread his arms.
"Like I said… We've got our best up there. Fighting to keep your boys from locking us back up."

Levi felt a tight pinching in his chest as the air grew thick with tension.
Because he was reminded that right now, at this very moment, people were dying.
His co-workers, his friends, some he would even consider family.

What if Lance was dying right now?
Or Ryan?
Or even little Ben?

Poblo tensed, as even he could see what he was thinking right now.
The slightly mutated man was not without pity, however he held little remorse for what had to be done to keep innocent people safe from…

Levi slumped against the door to one of the cells and curled up into a ball.
His tail wrapping around his knees protectively.
He felt like a monster now more than ever.
Actually… no… something worse than a monster.
A villain.

But if that were true then it would mean that all of his friends were villains too.
The people he cared about and worked alongside.
The people who were risking their lives right now to keep all this chaos and madness contained.

Self loathing, hatred, and guilt were easy.
But to project the same onto the people he knew and cared about?
That… was harder.

"Hey, what are you doing? Are you crying?"
One of Poblo's entourage asked incredulously after a long while.

"No." Levi sighed. "Just need to sit down for a bit."

Poblo looked around, clearly conflicted on what to do next.
"Look… Athan was it? You seem like a decent guy to me. So god knows how you ended up in a place like this. You said that you weren't going to try to stop us from escaping, and I believe you. At least I believe you enough to stop wasting precious time watching you. As far as I'm concerned you're welcome to stay here."

"Sir!"
The same man from earlier hissed his objections.
But Poblo swiftly ignored him.

"That being said however. Your knowledge as a former guard would prove most invaluable to us. Assuming you're willing to help, that is."
He very nearly offered him a hand before remembering about the sparks and reluctantly crouched down instead.

Levi tried not to hate him, or anyone else here.
It was not their fault, they were just defending themselves.
It was his people who were in the wrong for attacking.
For just… doing to what they're told, for trying to keep this hell and madness from spilling out into the real world.

For doing… what they had to.

Levi gritted his teeth and tapped his head against the wall a few times.
He couldn't blame them either.
He knew all the reasons why they would make that choice.

No…

This was an easily avoidable travesty.
And the blame for it was as clear.

"I down't start fires I juhst help put tem out, I don't start firs I just help put them out, I donet sart furs I just hulp put them out-"

Poblo's eyebrows creased in confusion.
"What? What does that mean? What are you chanting? Do you-"

Abruptly he stopped, drew himself up, and sighed deeply.
When he talked next it was far more gentle and sympathetic.
"Look. If you don't want to help, that's perfectly fine. I get it. You've been through a lot and you're trying to sort it all out. But now it's not the time to be addressing that trauma. 

Help us get out of here. Escape with us even. You can always go back to them afterwards. But that's a decision you really shouldn't be making on a timer. So please help us if you can. We only have this one chance to choose anything else! It's not like that kid is going to come back and free you a second time."

Levi… uncurled slightly as his breath caught.
"Kid?"

Poblo tensed as he realized that he didn't know, and Levi recognized the quick semi panicked debate running through his head regarding what he could or should confirm or deny.

At last he sighed and settled on the obvious.
"I thought you knew… The guy who's opening all the doors? He's just a kid. Around about fifteen."

"Where is-!"

Poblo cut him off.
"Our group got cut off from him. He's got a team, and a plan. But they keep herding us away from the exit. At this point our only hope is if he can't get through either, and gets pushed down here with us. Since one of the lockups claims to have a power that will get us all out."

Levi tilted his head and realized…
He was leaning against a door.
...a closed door...

He whipped around to see a figure huddled up in the far corner of the room, as far away from the crowd as they could physically push themselves.
And he recognized them.

"Noel?"

Noel looked like the victim of a horrible accident involving fire and acid, and was about as crazy as they came.
She also had an uncontrollable power to manifest plagues of nearly microscopic spider type things that devoured anything in seconds.

She was muttering something to herself that Levi couldn't hear over the commotion of everyone on his side of the glass.
But he knew he wasn't missing much.

Her head was empty and vacant, almost like she had gotten lobotomized.

Levi's overly wide jaw hung open as he gawked down the packed hallway and remembered.
He knew this area, it used to be one of his daily routes.
A high security wing designed to hold the most dangerous and unstoppable powers ever created by redgate.

And all of the cells were still closed.

"I..." Levi staggered to his feet, claws subconsciously trying to dig into the ground. "I have to stop them from-"

Poblo waited for him to finish the sentence, but Levi just started walking instead.
"Stop who from what? Hey, HEY!"

Levi ignored him as he hobbled along.
He was running, or rather he was jogging with a clumsy gate, but it was as fast as he dared move.

Poblo followed him of course, as well as some others.
And many people watched him with fearful eyes as he passed.
So many familiar faces, but he ignored them all.

He was looking for something specific.
The reason he came down here in the first place.

Levi stopped in front of Cell number SH007411.
Heart sinking with dread and relief.

Relief, because the cell was still occupied by a tall pale haired woman with gaunt features and wide eyes.
Rachel Hillworthy was still contained.

She was looking up for some reason.
Straight up, in such a way as would hurt the neck.
She looked like she had been doing it for a while.

Then the dread, because when he stopped to look at her he realized something.
Her eyes weren't glazed over and unfocused.
They were tracking something through the ceiling.
Someone?

She was here.
Not lost aimlessly in the future or the past, but firmly anchored to this moment.

And she...

Was…

Grinning…

“You think yourself clever, one who speaks to lifeless minds?”

Levi jumped, not expecting to hear her talk.
Though he soon realized she wasn't talking to him.

“You’ve asked the locks to open, yet the ones that hold me hear nothing. Why? Is it because I asked it of you? Or is it because you know what I would do with my freedom?" Rachel Hillworthy laughed maliciously and made a manic clutching gesture with her hands.

“You may know the fate I bring, but you are blind to the consequences of others.”

Even amidst all the chaos going on, Levi had to stop and stare in stunned silence.
He had never seen Conscience be so… engaged before.
It was honestly quite terrifying.

She spoke to the wall as if there was someone listening to her on the other side. 
As if whoever she was talking to was just on the other side of a pane of glass.
“Even now, you lift the gag from the neck of the mute child, and our neighbors can hear her silent cries for help.”

Pure horror gripped at Levi as Conscience turned to look at him.
Her eyes burning with the bitter sweet satisfaction of second hand revenge yet to come.

When next she spoke it was in a hushed whisper.
Which vitriolic hatred and malicious glee, dripping from every syllable.
“The ones who agree are coming! They come to steal death from us.”

For some reason, those last few rhythmic words of warning made Levi’s scales crawl.

Levi dared not say a word as she made eye contact with him.
Her muffled voice was still ringing in his flattened ears.
Which is why it was so hard to hear Poblo talking to him.

"Do you… Know each other? Or are you just as confused by the cryptic nonsense as I am? Umm… are more sparks a good thing or a bad thing?"

Project Conscience pressed her face against the glass as smiled with wildly sick satisfaction.
"Your time is running out little crocodile. They know we're here now, they see the path. Second star to the right, and straight on till morning. They won't rest until time stops ticking."

Levi swallowed hard.

"Tick..."

He got it now.

"Tock..."

Why she called him that.

"Tick..."

She saw the future.

"Tock..."

She knew what he would become.

"Tick..."

Crocodile.

"Tock…"

Levi started to panic as he realized that she wasn't ticking alone.
This whole time, since the moment he woke up in the morning up until now.
He had been clicking too, without realizing it.

It was just a harmless habit.

An… instinct.

Poblo looked from Levi's face to hers, then folded his arms.
"Judging by the look on your face, I'm assuming you're going to need her out of that cell to help you save the world from… what exactly?"

Levi looked at him.
And to his credit it only took him seconds to recognize the horror on his face.

"Unless..."
He promptly unfolded his arms and lost all of his sass.

Levi nodded.
"She can't get out. Whatver else happems. She can't be allowd to acses the timeliline."

The ever present nervous chattering of scared people died out abruptly around Levi.
One voice at a time went silent, as those who were paying attention were stunned speechless.
And those who weren't were confused and concerned by the incredibly tense atmosphere that seemed to manifest out of nothing like a physical thing.

The silence wasn't absolute obviously.
The hallway was large and there were so many people here.
Only those few who were nearby had been stunned.

And even then… two voices still rang out.
Eerily harmonized together.

"Tick, tock, took tick, tock, tick-"
Levi forced himself to stop clicking, and as he did she went silent as well.

Her smug smile turned into a scowl.
"You will suffer."
She prophesied drily.

Poblo.
"Okay so… just to clarify….She's insane right? And has some sort of time power, which she will use to destroy the world as we know it if she ever gets free. And you came down here to make sure the kid with the goggles doesn't let her out. Is that about it?"

Levi nodded vigorously as he clutched at his chest.
He didn't have a shirt, so it was extra easy to feel his heart racing.

Poblo drew in a long breath and sighed.
Then he clapped his hands together.
"Alright then. What do we do about this situation?"

The question pulled Levi back into the present and he finally managed to tear his eyes away from the woman's.

"What? Oh… erm… maybe?"
Levi rested the tips of his claws against the hair thin glass, just to remind him that it was there.

Then he sobered.
Poblo was right. 
Now was not the time for this.
Now was the time for action.

"I have a plan."

Levi whipped around to look at his audience.
"I need peepl to gard the entrensays, and warn this kid not to open eveything up the moment he gets here… also… I need something to write with."

People looked at each other and grumbled hushed words to each other.
But no one really made any move.

Poblo noticed some people looking to him and he waved them off.
"You heard him. Go."

One woman ran off towards one of the entrances.
But the rest hesitated and kicked their feet.
Levi wondered if they just didn't trust him until a man raised his hand awkwardly.

"Yeah… I have no clue what he said. No offense, but he talks like a retard."
The man had a very thick accent, so Levi wondered if English was not his first language.
It was very possible that he didn't intend to be so harsh in his word choice, but it really did bother Levi.
Mostly because he had made so much progress and put so much effort into getting to the point he was at.

"He said to go tell every person watching the entrances to keep an eye out for the hacker kid. If you find an entrance no one is watching then go watch it yourself or find someone else to watch it."
Poblo pointed at Conscience's cell as she glared at him.
"We have to make sure that he doesn't let this woman out or she'll kill us all. We'll mark it somehow so that he can tell. In fact..."

He looked at Levi and leaned a bit closer, almost getting too close.
"You worked here before you got changed, right? Do you know any others like her? Crazy fun##ers  who are dangerous and will get people killed if released?"

Levi stood a bit straighter as he shook himself free from his mini panic attack.
He was still reeling from everything going on.
But Poblo offered him something he hadn't had in a very long time.

A way to be useful.

"I… Yes… I know most everione here."

Poblo nodded with the smile of a leader trying to sort out the chaos before everything fell apart.
And Levi realized why so many people were following him around.

He lifted two fingers to his mouth and whistled loudly enough that Levi had to cover his ears for a moment.
Then he was shouting something into the crowd.
"Hey! Does anyone have something to write with? A drawing power maybe? We need something to mark these things with!"

Levi was taken aback by the question that was now being echoed and passed along through the packed hallway.
But what surprised him even more was the fact that someone actually did come forth.

He was a gangly looking caucasian man, with an orangish skin tone and a bald head that gave Levi uncomfortable flashbacks to his time on chemotherapy.
Though the blond eyebrows and goatee suggested that it was an intentional choice.

"Hey! Someone needed a painting power?"
He asked, uncertain if he was in the right spot or if he was going to get directed further in again.

Poblo nodded.
"We need to mark this cell as well as several others somehow. Do you have a power that can help with that?"

"Yeah I… I change colors of things. I've got a few tricks but I honestly didn't think… nevermind… I'll be happy to help."
He walked up to the cell, hardly paying Levi any mind.
Sure he noticed him, but Levi realized that he was just one monster amidst a whole crowd of jumpers.

As long as other people weren't running and screaming from him, then there was probably nothing to fear beyond the visible electricity field of personal space.
As far as this man was concerned he was just another word to think here in a fast flowing river of weirdness.

The man delicately placed a hand against the glass and traced it with his fingers.
Making an X shape that…

He frowned as he looked at the perfectly unchanged glass.
"What?"
He asked incredulously.

"Why can't I…?"
He trailed off and looked around as if searching for something.

Then he experimentally stomped one foot against the ground, and the area below his foot instantly exploded with color.
Bright neon pink and green, splashing out as if he had stepped on a water balloon filled with paint.

But Levi didn't see any droplets fly.
He didn't feel anything on his leg despite there being a few specs of green now clinging to him.

People groaned and backed away from the man, some of them covered by a mess that wouldn't go away or even smudge when rubbed at.

Levi dragged a toe claw against the ground experimentally while leaning on the wall for support.
And he realized that it wasn't painted.

The concrete itself had changed color.
It even looked more reflective and shiny.

However not one spec of this imitation paint splatter has stuck to the cell wall.

The glass was perfectly clean… obviously…

Though the bald man seemed genuinely surprised.
"What was her power again?"
He asked sheepishly while pointing at Rachel.

"It's not her, it's the glass… The spooks use this stuff to hold their strongest prisoners because it blocks powers."
Poblo explained.

Levi was confused how the man didn't know this already.
Until he remembered that a jumper with a harmless or containable power such as his, would have only ever seen the stuff in the MTL when they were first getting infected.

Also… something else struck him as odd.
Perhaps it was just him needing to distract himself somehow, but he had to ask.
"Spooks?"

Poblo was too busy to answer as he got swept up in some other problem.
Something to do with ferrets?
Nudity?
Stealing guns?

He was too out of the loop to understand any of it and there were a lot of people talking.

It seemed Poblo was dealing with far more than just him, which Levi found almost reassuring.

Though just because Poblo wasn't paying attention didn't mean that he was being ignored.

"It means you. The guards? The people you worked for. The people who run this place… the scientists? Anyone who gets to be on the outside of the glass really."

Levi turned and saw a black woman.
Not the same black as his wife, but different.
No less dark, but a slightly less reddish brown.
She was African American, just like his grandad.

Her orange sleeves had been removed specifically so that the long permanent scars on the inside of her arms wouldn't be obstructed by anything absorbent.

When he knew her she had stubbornly refused to give him her real name or of pettiness.
So he called her the name they gave her.
"Hey blodlet'her."

Both of them frowned at that.
So he tried again, slower this time.
"Blood let er… blood-"

She held up her hands to interrupt.
"It's okay, I get what you mean."

Levi pursed his lips in frustration.
It wasn't that he was trying to get her name right for her sake.
He was just trying to get better at talking.

Though he supposed now wasn't the time.
"How yew bin? Have you gotten better at..."

He looked at her arms which she self concisely covered up.

"Yeah. It doesn't hurt as much as it used to, and I'm getting better at controlling how much blood I…"
She trailed off and just… Looked at him.
Up and down with that same disbelieving expression.

She seemed to zone out for a second, until Levi followed her eyes and realized she was looking at his tail thrashing.

He looked down and steadied it, but it just started swaying again the moment he stopped paying attention.
"Yeah it… takes some gettim used to… I'm still not-"

"Is that really you? Levi Athan? The same hypocrite cowered who kept constantly bugging me about my well-being all that time ago?"
Her jaw worked.
"What happe… how did… why are… I thought you were..."

She shook her head and rolled her shoulders.
Then she smiled.
"You know… If I knew you were going to become an animal at some point. I would have pegged you as a rat, not some blue dinosaur… come here."

"No sont get any closer you might gwr-!"
As per usual she completely disregarded his warnings and stepped into his bubble of space to give him a hug.

He was petrified by the touch, the fear of himself interacting with others.
But thankfully and unfortunately it didn't last all that long.
Then she punched him in the shoulder.
…Hard...
"Have you finally figured out what side you're on? Is that why they did this to you?"

"No I…"
Levi didn't get the chance to explain.

"Doesn't matter. You're one of us now. And we're blowing this joint like a h-"
She continued on with a rather passionate speech.
One which used quite a few rude expressions and contained far too many sexual innuendoes for Levi's liking.

But, for the second time ever, he saw her smiling.
And that was enough to make him smile.
Though a part of him was dying inside.
Because she was right… he shouldn't have let her rot in that cell.

He should have been on her side from the start.
And the fact that it took him losing his life to see that was nothing short of shameful.

"They ran here because they who agree do not watch the whole sky... In this dark path of stars, they settled. They made a cage of silver to protect their deaths. But it was their unmaking. Only one remains. Maddened with the same pointless desire and fleeting whims as all. Blinded to the truth of time. Not a fluid but a rope. Only I see the truth. Yet in blindness I shackled myself before my eyes had even opened. I see where it ends. The cage surrounds me. Defending my fate from those who would-"

Rachel Hillworthyv oddly filtered voice was cut off by Poblo.
"Oi! Would you shut up already? Nobody is listening to your cryptic bullcrap, and we got work to do. Alright?"

Annoyed, he turned to the paint man.
"Any progress yet?"

Levi just stared in awe at Conscience as she scowled.
"I thingk that's the most I've evher heerd her say… ever..."

The bald man rubbed at his chin in thought.
Then he licked his fingers and traced them over the glass, leaving trails of bright neon blue which quickly vanished.

He rubbed at his shoulders and explained what he was doing.
"Well I can't change the glass itself, but I can coat it in something else and then change that to whatever color I want. The only problem is that water evaporates too quickly. What we need is something spreadable that sticks around. Paint would be perfect, but if we had paint then you wouldn't need me." 

"Do you think you could just… Color the floor or the ceiling and Mark the cells that way or would that-"
Before Poblo could finish that thought Bloodletter stepped forward.

"Let me try something."
She said as two thin lines of red were drawn out of the strange wounds on her wrist.
Pulled like red yawn, which rapidly wove itself into a glowing floating orb in her hand.

With an exaggerated motion she dragged the orb across the glass, and it made a hard clanking sound.
Like a metal pot being rolled across a glass table.

It returned to her hands like a yoyo and she smiled sheepishly.
"Oops… forgot to… um…. Give me a sec."

The glowing of the sphere dimmed visibly.
And the reflective surface became more and more lumpy and gelatinous looking.
Like chocolate melting from a solid state to something a little softer.

She dragged it across the wall again, and this time it left an extremely apparent red trail behind.

Which the painter guy looked at squeamishly.
"Is that… blood?"

Bloodletter nodded casually and held up what was left of the sphere.
"Yep… mine. I can make it into things. Yeah yeah, I know. It's a dumb power and using it is bad for my health. But it's what I've got so shut your face!"

"I can't believe my life has come to this..."
Complained the painter guy as he crooked a finger and the bloody "no" symbols transformed into a vibrant artificial looking street sign red highlighted with a bold black outline.

He even played around with the colors on the edge to make the image appear straighter and clearer than it actually was.
Like a perfect digital photo printed on top of a comparatively sloppy hand drawn base.

"Hey, that's perfect!"
Poblo beamed, genuinely impressed.
"Well done everyone."

Though as usual Levi had to be the pessimist in the group.
He pointed at the blood still hovering between Bloodletter's hands.
"That's not gona beenough."

She gave him an annoyed and somewhat offended look for spoiling this small victory.
"I can tap more if we need."

Levi shook his head vigorously.
"Too much. Hyou'll drain yourselkf
 dry."

Those around who could understand him gave him a worried look.
But Bloodletter was the one to hold up a finger.
"Now wait just a minute… How many damn blood thirsty, over dangerous, head empty, psychopathic crazies can there possibly be down here?"

As an answer Levi drew in on himself and whined uncomfortably.

"Just mark as many as you can for now."
Poblo interjected.
"I'm sure the three of you can figure out what to do next from there."

"Right."
Both Paintguy and Bloodletter said it in unison.
Levi technically started with them, but it took him about four times as long to complete the word so it seemed delayed by comparison.

"Well..."
Bloodletter lifted her sphere of slightly luminescent blood.
"Lead the way. I'll be right behind you."

They followed Levi as he shambled forward like a half limping zombi, leaning against the wall for support.
He could feel their eyes on the back of his head, making his quills stand up a little.

Levi realized that he did not like the idea of other people looking at him like this.
Clumsy, pathetic, inhuman.
Like some kind of circus freak on display.
Or a dangerous creature in a zoo.

His tail thumped against cold glass every now and again, and he had slipped back into his habitual clicking.
His heart was racing, maintaining the field of crackling blue sparks that afforded him his own bubble of space.

However, Levi could only focus on the task at hand.
That, at least, felt comforting.
To have a clearly defined goal.
To be productive in some way.
To contribute something.

"Here."
Levi paused and pointed at a pale grinning man whose neck was stretched out nine times as long as it should have been.

He did not bother giving them an explanation since that would only take up time given how slowly he talked.

And given the nightmarish appearance of the jumper inside, neither one of them were quick to contradict his decision anyway.

The real problems began when he pointed out jumpers who weren't so obviously murderous.

"Here."
Levi pointed.

"Now hold on. Here what? What are you saying here for?"
An older man with short legs and a mustache asked.

Levi glared at him and moved on.
But Bloodletter hesitated.

"Wait a second… Why aren't we letting him out? He seems normal."
She didn't wait for the slow reply, and instead started impatiently tapping on the glass to get his attention.
"Hey. You. Who are you? And why is that blue lug scared of you?"

The old man smiled, and bowed slightly.
"My name is Gregory Bretwell the second. So nice to make your acquaintance my dear."

"Prahject Voicebalks."
Levi corrected with a frown, since they really didn't have time for this.
But of course she wasn't willing to just paint the door and move on.

Voicebox smiled innocently.
"I tell you I have no idea why your friend would object to me. I'm simply your average innocent bystander."

"Yeah I bet you are." She hesitated as she assessed the older man. "So what's your thing? Your power I mean."

The man rocked on his heels with his hands behind his back.
"We can come back to that later. However, I do not believe that I caught your names yet…"

"Calvin Peterson."
The paint man answered before looking to Bloodletter.

She hesitated for a while, before skeptically grumbling her name as well.
"Gina Evergreen."

Levi's tail thrashed with annoyance as he threw up his arms and spluttered in disbelief.
"I… You refused to tell me your neam for two yers! But this creep asesk ones and you tell hm righta waiy?"

Gina glared at him and rolled her eyes.
"And the lizard is named Levi Athan… He used to slide you food through a slit in the wall, and thinks that gives him the right to decide if you should be left to rot in here or not."

She gave Levi a very pointed and extremely sassy look, as if daring him to prove her wrong.

He flushed a little, but they really did not have time for him to let his shame or guilt get in the way of what had to be done.
So he tried his best to move this along.
"Arsk him to say he's a potatoes."

...

Both of them just looked at him like he was insane.
Then after a second of trying to figure out they both asked at the same time in pure confusion.
"What?"

Levi sighed and tried his best to explain.
"The guy stels voises. It's his thing. But he doesn't understamd what he is sayng. Not really… it's like tarking to an AI phogram. He can't adapt to umnexpected lines of diolog."

Intrigued, Gina turned to the man and asked.
"Is this true?"

The man spluttered indignantly.
"Of course not! How could you even think such a thing!?"

"Uh huh…" she studied him then asked "Then prove him wrong. Say something janky."

"I'm sorry, what?"
He sputtered indignantly.

"Say you're a potato. It ain't hard."
She pressed, eyes narrowing dangerously.

The man looked dead at her, jaw working soundlessly.
For a few seconds he just… sat there.
Like a broken animatronic machine, caught between responses.

Then after what felt like an eternity it spoke.
"You're a-"

Dead silence as its face changed from one expression to the next.
"-potato. It..."

It's jaw worked and opened just a little too wide.
A horrible, terrible, sound came grinding up from deep inside of it.
Not exactly mechanical, but definitely not human either.
A sort of, insectile screeching, that hurt the ears.

"Aaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnntttttttttt…...."
The horrible and uncanny attempt to imitate a human voice actually made Levi feel a little bit less bad about his own speech impediments.

But then the moment was over and the creature found the script again.
Disconcertingly flipping back to the perfectly normal older man's voice it had started the requested sentence with.
"-hard."

Thoroughly disturbed, Levi's two companions looked at him.
He shrugged.
"Gues they didn't hav the word aeyint in that voise."

He started walking away, thinking that he had proved his point.
When he heard Gina calling out to him.
"Okay… So he is a creepy old guy who copies people's voices. Yeah that's weird, but I don't think he should be left here to rot because of it."

Levi spun on his h-
…
Levi forgot he didn't have heels and fell on the floor.
But got back up with commendable tenacity so that he could storm back.

"He dovent copy voises, he steals them." 
With a clumsy gesture he pointed at the glass, then tapped own neck 
"That man isint Voicehox. Voycebox is the worm down his throat contolling his body. Uderstand?"

It took her a moment longer than Calvin, but it did eventually dawn on her and her expression twisted into that of disgust.
"Oh Jesus, that's nasty!"

"Yeah." Levi nodded in agreement with the obvious.
Then he gestured for her to follow him and started storming down the line.

He skipped over a total of two whole cells before having to stop again.
It was a good thing his two companions could mark a cell practically instantly.

"Here..." Levi pointed at a skinny blond man that looked like he was dozing, or maybe riding the high of some highly potent pain killing drug.

Gina looked at this new person and put her free hand on her hip.
"So what's wrong with him?"
She asked in an almost conversational tone.

Levi's jaw worked in irritation.
All of this explaining was actually really good talking practice, but the problem was that they were fighting against the clock.

They had a completely unknown deadline which they had to be ready for.
Otherwise, more people would die or get hurt or-

"Breethes same air as him, and yell laughs until you die. Not his fault, can't help it. But too dagerous to deel with. Lets's go."

This time it was Calvin to pipe up.
"Wait, hold on. If it's not his fault and he just lacks control, then surely we can work with him to mitigate the danger right? What if we get him, say, a gas mask or something? Or maybe someone has a power that does something with the air?"

"Yeah..."
Gina nodded her agreement.

Levi rolled his eyes and made a whining, growling sound.
His animal equivalent to groan.
"Not gass. Too dangeriss."

Project Pseudobulbar didn't exhale a gas or poison that could be filtered out of the air.
He literally made the air molecules themselves go bad.

They tried to keep him in a vacuum sealed room at first, but that proved to be too hazardous since random cursed air particles kept showing up and killing people anyway.

It only stopped after they put him behind mana glass, which for some reason rendered all of the already bad air inert and harmless again.

Also, just because he wasn't actually trying to kill people didn't mean he was in his right mind.
Well… okay he was almost lucid occasionally.
But most of the time he was so spaced out that he didn't know where or who he was.

Perhaps it was cruel.
But Levi was not willing to risk the lives of everyone down here for the sake of one tenth of a person, and nine tenths of a vegetable.

Gina looked at his expression and thoughtfully twirled her dwindling ball of blood around before asking.
"Yes but… why though?"

Levi ground his teeth and weakly punched the wall with the side of one fist.
He hated this.
Why was she expecting him to explain every detail, when she knew he had a rather cumbersome speech impediment?
Couldn't she just take his word for it?

…

No… he supposed not…
She didn't trust him.
And why should she?

Why were any of them trusting him?

Levi looked down at his other hand as he leaned against the wall for support.
His clawed fingers curled and uncurled as he thought it over.
Then he balled it into a fist, closed his eyes, and drew in a long breath.

They didn't have time for any of this…

"Look…" he began with a tired grimace. "I'veb done wong by you, I know I av. I've ben helping bad people get away with teribkle things. Because... well... I was afrad. 

Afraid of what woud happem if I stopped. I saw what they did to you all and feard simliar for me and mime.

I didn't thingk I could change things. And because of tat I ended up changim them for the worse.

For that I am tuly sorry..."

Levi hung his head before continuing.
"I know it's two lat to take it bac. But I've changnd… I lost eveythin. My job, my family, my face…"

Levi looked down at himself and sighed.
"And becuse I've lost evrythng, I hav nthing left to lose. So plese… let me do waht I-"

"Um..." Calvin cut in sheepishly, but with noticable strain to his voice "I hate to be rude, but… do we really have time to be discussing this now?"

"But he's admitting he was wrong!" Gina complained "I used to argue with him about this stuff all the time! He's the only one of the damn boys in blue who let me yell at him, and try to justify himself to me. I used to spend the whole day thinking up what was going to say once he stopped by again. I thought that maybe I could convince him to do the right thing and help me escape, but nothing I ever said seemed to..."

She trailed off as she looked from one man to the other.
Then she blew out her cheeks and sighed in annoyance.
"Fiiiiiine… enough chit chat. I'll just have to trust your word on it for now."

With a rather animated motion she lifted what was left of her floating red sphere and splashed it against the glass with a disdainful flourish.
"Either way, I'm out of blood and I doubt I'll be able to draw out any more without throwing up. So we need to find someone else's blood to use as paint."

"Hey, it doesn't have to be blood, you psycho! Literally anything that will stick to the glass without evaporating away or sliding off will work."
Calvin protested.

Levi sighed and squared his narrow shoulders.
"Come on… I havan idea."

He half jogged back the way he came for a bit before pointing out what he was talking about.
"There."

"Oh God."
Gina swore quietly.

Calvin just looked confused until he realized what he was looking at.

Then he promptly threw up on the cold hard ground.

Levi closed his eyes and felt his legs grow heavy for a moment.
There once was a time when he too would have reacted like that when looking at the dismembered remains of what was once a person.

But exposure dimmed most horrors, and you could only see a disembodied arm so many times before it just became yet another nightmare.

Gina looked deeply desturbed, but she took it better than the shaking painter.
She at least was somewhat familiar with this, given the slits of scarred flesh in her arms that could split open revealing all kinds of gore, blood, and sinew that no one was ever meant to see exposed to the open air.

Still… Even she looked a bit queasy at the sight of the mascara.
"What… what do you… I heard there was a fight but… what happened here? Why isn't anyone… I don't..."

She was trying to find the words.
To make sense of this.
Looking so hard for something to latch onto that could fix the sinking pit that had suddenly opened up in her stomach.

Levi had sympathy for her, but he had personally seen worse things done to people that he considered friends.
He pointed again and tried to explain.
"We use there blood."

Gina looked at him like she only just now realized he was an inhuman monster.

And all the while Calvin just kept muttering in the background.
His voice was quick, rapid, and full of panic as he started slipping into a mini panic attack.
"It could be peanut butter, or even regular butter! Or just any kind of oil. Something that will stick. I… I could have put the mark on the floor! A big arrow pointing at the cage or something. Seriously… it doesn't have to be… why does it have to be… you couldn't have found literally anything else?"

"We coud." Levi agreed as he continued on.
The blood pooling on the ground bending slightly out of the way of his feet, like standing water being pushed away by a leaf blower.

It wasn't enough to keep the blood from staining between his toes, but it did help a little bit.

This spot of the hallway was not devoid of people.
They were gawking at the remains of the massacre, with that horrible sense of morbid, traumatic, fixation.

Like watching a train crashing in real time.
Some people couldn't look, others couldn't look away.
It was just how it is.

Levi stopped over an arm.
A woman's arm by the look of it.
Severed impossibly cleanly just below the shoulder.

His tail swayed back and forth behind him.
Swishing the blood around rather effectively, like a mop or paintbrush.
Part of him wanted to lift it up, but that would almost certainly throw off his balance.
And the last thing he needed was to fall on his face right now.

So he let it get itself dirty for now.
He would clean it off later.

"Yeah I'm with baldy here."
Gina called out.
Her words were joking but she sounded like she was in pain as she said it.
"Get back here. We'll find something else."

Levi ignored her, and carefully lowered himself down.
Getting more and more of his tail dirty, but he had to be okay with that.
The worst part was yet to come.

Reaching out, his claws clenched around the dismembered limb and grasped it firmly.
He held it with the stump facing up so as to spill as little of the liquid held inside as possible.
And then when he was ready he slowly and carefully stood back up.

"You know what? I take back every nice thing I ever said about you."
She said it as a joke, but Levi saw the way she looked at the arm.

At him…

The same expression mirrored over so many other faces.
The horrified whispering that stopped the moment his tired black and blue eyes passed over them.

They looked at him like he was a monster.
And they were right.
Or at the very least they would be.

Levi had no desire to prove them wrong.
To make them think he was harmless.
Because he knew that any moment he could snap, and become the source of a new blood bath.

So why would he try to make friends?
Why should he pretend to be anything other than the heartless monster, so over exposed to death that it only bothered him.

Best that they have no reason for hesitation, should they ever need to defend themselves from him.

Levi walked past them without a word, and then smudged the arm against the glass of a cell.
Quickly covering it in a thin layer of blood before pointing.
"Here..."

He insisted as he stepped back, and waited for Calvin to do his job.

The bald man hesitated, while wringing his hands nervously.
And when he failed to step forward Levi repeated himself more forcefully.
"Hheer!"

The man winced in clear terror, but stepped forward even slower than Levi did.
He took maybe three steps to get a better angle and then waved his hand from over twenty feet away.

The warning image appeared as if by magic, because that was what it was.
The same warning sign with clear clean text spelling the words "Do not open! Very dangerous." which he had placed on all the other cells.

This time the image wasn't as crystal clear though.
It seemed… slightly blurry.
As if seen from further away.

But it was perfectly clear enough for their purposes.
Levi nodded with satisfaction and started walking on to the next one on his list.

He noticed that the lightning had stopped.
The flickering sparks which surrounded him whenever he was stressed had all but disappeared.

Yet strangely… the people in the hallway tried their best to give him even more space than they did before.
As if warded off by a different even stronger aura.

People looked at him, the monster holding a human arm, and they quickly backed away or took up defensive postures.
People sounded the alarm and called for help, including one of the people who encountered him in the stairs.

"I knew it! I knew it! It's a monster! It ripped someone's arm off! Someone get help!!!"
They shrieked before disappearing into the crowd as fast as they could.

That incited an uncertain panic as people started trying to get away, or dig in and get ready for a fight.
It really depended on their power and disposition.

Someone threw an empty mason jar at him.
Probably a conjured item, manifested by a power.
Or maybe something someone found somehow?
Who knew what was down here, let alone why.

The heavy glass bounced off his leg and shattered against the floor.
The sudden unexpected pain made Levi cry out in that annoyingly high pitched yowling of his.
But there was no time to be embarrassed.

Before he knew it Levi was falling again, his face on a collision course with a thousand tiny shards of-

Levi heard a loud banging sound...
Right before his nose and arms hit into the glass.

At first it didn't feel any different from any of the other countless falls he had taken.
He heard people shouting.
Screaming nonsense that blended together in a pitched white noise.

He felt the stinging sensation mixed with the more familiar bruising.
It mostly ran down the length of his arms which he had managed to block his fall with.

Though his long muzzle meant that he had to tilt his head up for that tactic to be effective, which he hadn't done.
Levi whined piteously as he sat up and wiped glass and blood from his nose.

He had dropped the arm in the fall and now his knees were digging into something sharp which would have to be brushed away.

He could hear Gina screaming, and saw her standing between him and the crowd protectively.
"HE PICKED IT UP OFF THE GROUND! HE DIDN'T HURT ANYONE!"

She was holding something in her hand.
A tiny little shard of black red metal… no… shimmering blood pressed into a flat edge.

It had to have been her blood, which must be why she was swaying on her feet like that.

"Are you ****ing kidding me?" Exclaimed a man with a mini tornado swirling around in his hair "He just shot lightning into a crowd of people!"

Levi winced, and not just from the glass he was now picking out of his flesh.
He rolled backwards onto a spot that had already been swept free of glass shards by his lashing tail, and sat on top of it.

Yes, sitting on his tail was painful but not nearly as painful as kneeling on glass.
As Levi inspected himself he realized that some of the shards in his arms were actually pretty deep.
Yet the much shallower cuts in his nose and snout hurt a lot more, and were bleeding way worse.

"You guys attacked him first."
Argued Gina, significantly less sure of herself all of a sudden.

What was she looking at?
Why did she seem so…

Levi glaced at the arm he dropped.
But that was not what she…

All of a sudden a terrible realization went click on his mind, as he caught one person's panicked cry amidst the pandemonium.

"He just ****ing killed him! He hadn't even done anything! And he just ****ing killed him!"

Levi nearly shot to his feet but couldn't manage it so quickly.
As it turns out, he didn't need to, since his eyes quickly found the group of people crowding around a limp young man.

The boy couldn't have been older than twenty two, and there was a very clear black spot charred into his obnoxious orange jumpsuit.

People fussed and clambered around him.
Multiple good hearted or curious individuals were tripping over each other and getting in each other's way.
Trying to check the boy for a pulse, or listen to his chest for a heartbeat.

But he... wasn't... moving…

Levi's heart stopped beating as time slowed down.
A dull dreamy haze drew everything out.
He held his breath and half expected himself to drown.
Since each second was dragging on for what felt like hours.

And then… as if to taunt him.
The world around him turned blue.

Dancing motes of lightning formed in the air, creating a shimmering fog of sparks so dense that it quickly became hard for him to see more than a few feet ahead.

Everyone saw the expanding field of danger and understandably freaked out.
They stumbled away as people quite literally tripped over each other trying to flee.

"Monster!"

"Someone stop him!"

"It's going to attack again!"

The panic voices blurred into each other, and we're drowned out by the roar of lightning and the pounding of adrenaline in his ears.

He wanted to back up.
To move further away from people.
But he was in a hallway, and there were people on both sides of him.

The only thing he could do was stay still.
So he sank down and wrapped his arms over his knees.
His ears pressed to his head, and tail curled tightly to his side.

He tried to take up as little space as he could.
He wanted to fold in on himself, to shrink until there was nothing left of him.

Most of the people hovering over the young man abandoned him.
But one or two clung to him, trying to drag him back as they shouted at people to get back and help them.
 
"I… He didn't mean to do it! Look at him, it was clearly an accident."
Gina argued.
But even she backed away wearily from the flickering storm.

Levi's heart was beating rapidly, and he still had yet to draw breath.
He had gotten too comfortable being around others.
He had forgotten that he was dangerous too.
He shouldn't be here.

Leaving his cage was a mistake.

"I don't care!"
A desperate man shouted.
"Someone help me drag this guy out of the way! Get back here you idiots, the boy's still breathing!"

Hope flickered, and immediately faulted again with the knowledge that the very best case scenario was that he severely injured an innocent bystander.

Even if they did make a full recovery, it didn't change the fact that Levi was an emotional time bomb who really really shouldn't be in the presence of… in the presence of...

Levi slowly lost track of his train of thought, as his panicked eyes slid to something on the floor.

Not the arm…
Not the blood…
Not the glass…

Just… a little splotch of concrete that was slightly darker than the rest.
It was about the size of a quarter and a half, and was pretty round.

One might even mistake it for a coin but no… it was just plain old cement.
There were a few spots like that every now and again throughout the facility.
He never really paid them much mind until-

Levi blinked and reeled back.
Why was he thinking about this?

He just killed a man.
Or… almost killed a man.
And he was probably going to do it again if he didn't… calm… down?

Levi looked at the flickering curtain of electricity surrounding him, and noticed that it had stopped growing.
In fact it had weakened considerably.

Had he done that?
Was this some part of his mind trying to distract him from his emotions by focusing on a really really interesting spot on the ground that he never noticed before?

Seriously he must have passed by this exact spot hundreds of times and never even noticed it!
But now it was all he could think about.

The screaming around him had tapered off, but Levi didn't notice.
Neither did he recognize the sound of rapid heavy footfalls scuttling closer in bursts of movement.

He was too busy looking at the spot.
Curiosity got the better of him and he reached out to caresse the spot.
Just to make sure that it was indeed a part of the floor and not some bit of rubbish on top of it.

Maybe a stain?

All other thoughts and concerns forgotten, Levi spat into his fingers to get them wet, and he started rubbing at the spot.

He ended up smudging a bit of blood onto it.
Which could have been a disaster if it had covered it up.
But it was just a thin enough layer that he could still see through it and confidently conclude that it was in fact, not dirty.

Well… it wasn't dirty before he got it dirty.
That was just how the floor looked.

"Hu..."
Levi muttered in fascination.

By this point the field surrounding him had faded away completely.
Not that he was paying attention.

Some part of Levi was aware that his head was being messed with.
He was surrounded by people with powers and he was being disruptive, so it made sense.
But somehow that didn't seem important right now.

He'd deal with it later.
Right now he just had to figure out why this spot on the floor wasn't the same shade as the rest.

Was the cement not mixed all the way before it was poured down?
Was this a clump of some other kind of material that got mixed in by accident?

An error maybe?
If so, what kind?

Levi could feel his head spinning in circles as he obsessed over this tiny inconsequential detail.
He hadn't forgotten about what just happened a few seconds ago.
He knew he should address it first.
But something was messing with his priorities.
Making it so hard not to-

Something large, cold, and wet was pressing into Levi's ear.
Lifting it up and ruffling underneath it with a curious snuffling.
Some part of him was vaguely aware that this sensation didn't just start now.

Something had been inspecting him very closely for the past few seconds now.
He just hasn't noticed them because he was too engrossed by the…

Levi blinked as the effect on his mind became less severe.
He still thought that the composition of the floor was fascinating.
But not so fascinating that he couldn't put it to the back of his mind and-

A large tongue with rows of sharp hooked barbs dragged itself against Levi's chest up to his shoulder.
Wiping away blood, while leaving spit and tiny hair thin scratches on his scales.

It wasn't just one lick or nose boop either.
As Levi's attention recentered itself he realized that he was currently being thoroughly greeted by a large... creature…
Just as a dog might excitedly run up to greet a human they just met and instantly wanted to be friends with.

Levi rubbed the wetness away from his eyes as he squinted at the thing happily begging him for love and affection.

He knew her.

One of the few FVTs whose mind broke in a nonviolent or even peaceful way.
A woman who lost herself, and was reduced to the mind of a simple animal.
Instead of becoming some broken half formed demon, or a hollow undead shell.

She was more of a veteran to this place than Levi, so he didn't know her real name.
But he knew the name they gave her.

Focal Point happily orbited Levi.
Butt wiggling in excitement and simple joy, as she lay down beside him, rolled over, and quickly got back up because she realized that she couldn't sit still for more than half a second.

Normally she was quite mellow and shy.
Using her powers of attention manipulation to make people completely gloss over her.

Because of this, Levi had rarely seen her.
And he most certainly had never seen her so… happy…
Like a naughty pet let off her leash.
Finally able to play with new people.

Poblo had described her as a tiger dog gecko.
And that was vaguely accurate in the same way as saying a hippo was a pig mixed with a hornless rhino.

She was tall… about the size of a full grown buffalo.
Or somewhat smaller than your average elephant.

She walked on four pawed legs, with all the grace of a cat, and the frantic enthusiasm of a dog.
Under her belly were two tiny vestigial arms, like that of a T-Rex, waving around wildly.

She had fur, but only around her neck, shoulders and belly.
So mostly what you saw was her thick loose skin that patterned with just the most obnoxious playground colors arranged in huge thick blotches like a poison dart frog.

She was mostly two horribly bright shades of clashing red and blue that hurt to look at, broken up by fluffy white fur which faded into a yellowish hue as it rose up from her belly.

Her claws, nose, eyes, paw pads, and the insides of her ears were all slightly different shades of sticky green.
Like the color of those glow in the dark toys which Levi had grown up with as a child.

Speaking of ears, she had six of them.
All of them pointed, long, partially rigid, and fanning out like frills.
The top and bottom sets faced forwards as ears usually did, but the other two faced backwards towards her neck, similar to Levi's.

Her nose was more akin to a dog's nose, only it was a rather distracting color
And if you paid close enough attention you realized that it was actually partially translucent.
So if you looked closely enough you could barely make out the blurry images of blood veins and arteries criss crossing through the flesh.

Her muzzled face could only really be described by listing other animals which she looked somewhat similar too.

A gecko, mixed with a bear, mixed with a rabbit, mixed with a…

Any description you gave her would inevitably fall short.
Since just like Levi, she was her own creature.
Not a mix of pre-existing animals, but something unique.

Her eyes had about five pupils each.
All squished up against each other like cracked eggs floating in a cup.
And if she had whites to her eyes then they were impossible to see with all the green and black in the way.

She had eight beaver-like incisors, four on top, four on bottom.
Then there was a one tooth gap, followed up by a suddenly double rowed set of sharp canines.
She was also lucky enough to have molars, so she could actually chew her food.

Her tail was cat-like, or perhaps rat-like since it lacked fur, and it split off into two in the middle before rejoining with itself.
Making it look like there was a random loop in the middle of her tail.

Focal Point's head and body were large enough that she could probably swallow Levi whole if she was determined enough.
But instead she was just happy to be licking the blood off of him.
Her sharp tongue unintentionally scraping at the injuries on his arms, causing more blood to start flowing again.

She didn't seem to mind as she made a happy noise that sounded like a cat purring, only faster, more insectile, and chirpy.
It almost sounded like a bird, though not like any bird Levi was familiar with.

Reflexively, Levi tried to shove her head away from him before remembering that contact was not a good idea.

Despite her monstrous appearance, Focal Point wasn't actually that physically tough.
Which was to say, she was strong enough to tip a car if she put her back into it.
But knives and bullets could harm her just as easily as anyone else.

Either way she was not dissuaded by Levi's attempts to shove her off.
In fact she seemed more bound and determined to cuddle and play with him.

It was adorable until you remembered that she was once an intelligent adult woman who presumably had a family which loved her.
Levi doubted she would even recognize them if she ever saw them again.

After a few seconds of being harassed Levi drew in a breath and barked at her.
It was meant to be a shout, but the first bit blended with an unwanted growl and turned into something far too bestial for his liking.
"-GRRRRREeet off me! I don't want to hert you!!"

Instantly she pulled away from him with a tinny yowl of surprise.
Levi felt bad for pushing her away, but he could deal with her right now.

He was in the middle of…

Only now did Levi look around and take in the scene around him.
The entire crowd was just mulling about.
All the fear and drama from moments earlier completely forgotten as each and every one was utterly lost in intense concentration and thought.

Trapped by pure fascination over inane details, pointless objects, or irrelevant thoughts.
Each one completely and utterly oblivious to the world around them.

It was… freaky.
Even more so since Levi knew exactly what it was like to be in that position.
Frankly he was surprised he wasn't being redirected back at the floor spot again.

He awkwardly scratched at the quills on the back of his neck, then sighed in defeated frustration.
"Focul… I'm sory for ye- ...for grwling at you. I didn't meam to scare you… okay I did. But for a good resin."

He looked around for the huge multi-colored… whatever she was.
But like usual he couldn't find her.

He was certain, absolutely sure, that his eyes had passed over her many many times.
And there were parts of his brain that were screaming at him that she was right there.

But it was like he was forgetting what he was looking for, even as he was staring her in the multi pupiled eye.

His brain refused to recognize or even register the significance of the huge moose sized ball of color that was sitting right… over… somewhere?

Levi stained against the…

Levi was extremely bored by…

Levi's head hurt because he…

Levi gave up trying to focus on the colorful blur which his brain was rapidly trying to filter out from his perceptions. 
Instead he spread his arms and addressed the air.
"I make lightning when I'm upst. And im very unset rite now."

It was easier to just pretend that she was invisible, rather than try to reconcile the fact that he could plainly see her yet still somehow couldn't find her despite this.

"Pleese I… I just… I'm sorry."
Levi realized part way through that it didn't matter what he said.
Focal Point wouldn't be able to understand him anyway.

He hunched his shoulders and sighed.
Taking a few deep breaths to try to reorient himself.
He was getting really sick and tired of having his head messed with by external forces.

Focal Point was… distracting by nature.
And this was not a time when anyone could afford to be…

Levi's head snapped to the presumably not dead guy laying limply over the knee of a guy who had abandoned his task of dragging him to safety, and was now absentmindedly staring at his sleeve.

"Oh come oooon."
Levi whined as his tail leashed in anxious frustration.

He looked around as the eerie scattering of people, all zoned out as if they were on drugs.
Or just very very bored for no reason.

He realized that Focal Point had not caught everyone.
Some people had resisted her influence long enough to run as far away from her as they could.

Some of them might have been trying to get help.
A few people with the right powers could kill Focal if she got careless.
And she definitely wasn't being as defensive as she normally tended to be.

Levi did not want that to happen.
Focal Point may be a husk of who she once was, but she was one of the few FVTs that was friendly.
Completely insane, yes.
But practically harmless.

The only problem was that right now she was being a major nuisance, and potentially putting a young man’s life at risk without realizing it.
Levi was the reason why the boy was dying in the first place, so he supposed he was in danger right now as well.

Part of him wanted to accept the blame and just let them kill him.
He knew that he deserved it, and it probably would make things easier for everyone.
After all… 
He was dangerous to others just by existing.

However a much louder part of him wanted nothing more than to survive!
He still remembered what he saw in Somnia’s dreamscape.
He had tasted death, and it terrified him out of his mind.

Levi may have been struggling with suicidal idealization for a while now.
But that was just him desperately trying to find any escape from the situation he fling himself in, as well as his guilt gnawing at him.

Now that death was actually looming over him in a very real, very immediate way, all of those thoughts had vanished before the overwhelming need to preserve his own life.

Perhaps that was selfish.
Perhaps he didn't deserve to live.
Perhaps there was nothing but suffering left for him.

But none of that mattered anymore.
Because in the end, the truth was simple.

Levi did not want to die.
So he would go down fighting tooth and claw to continue breathing.
Whatever it took.

The lightning was edging back into the corners of Levi's vision as his heart raced.
But this time he wouldn't lose control.
He couldn't.

So he took in a breath.
And slowly exhaled.

He had to think.

'Okay… So I'm in the middle of a crowd of very scared people with as of yet unknown super powers, who rightfully blame me for hurting and potentially killing one of them.'

Levi's jaw worked and he made little guttural sounds in the back of his throat.
He was talking to himself.
And though his inhuman mouth and throat couldn't keep up with the conversation, he for once didn't need to.

In his head he could speak as quickly as he could think.

'It was an accident, and clearly and obviously. But that might not matter unless cooler heads are able to talk down the crowd. The only problem is Focal Point. She is ultimately innocent, yet her presence is going to make everything around her difficult.'

He tried to look at her, and the fact that he could kinda remember seeing something large and colorful in the corners of his vision let him know that she was cautiously letting him have his awareness of her back

'I could probably convince her to let me perceive her normally if I just talk gently towards her enough, but what happens next if I do that? Another option would be to try to scare her off. But would that endanger him or others?'

Levi turned in a tight circle and tripped over his own tail, before swiftly staggering up.
As soon as he was able to he locked his eyes on the man he zapped.

'I really hope that guy is alive. I don't want another life on my hands. Claws? Whatever. He seriously needs help but no one is going to be able to with Focal Point hanging around and messing with people. Perhaps I could try to help him myself? I know some basic first aid. But… there isn't a lot I could do without touching him, and I'm too stressed to trust myself to not be shedding sparks right now.'

Levi spun as he heard people talking animatedly in the distance.
All he could see was movement between the bodies, and the way the crowd shifted beyond the mostly static bodies.
But he could tell that there was a group heading towards them with purpose.

For what purpose he could not say.
But he could guess.

Hmm… scare the monster off and risk her becoming aggressive, give medical aid to the vid and risk killing him, or do nothing and risk allowing an incident to die.

None of these were good options, and Levi knew it.
But he was running out of time to decide on anything.
Soon he wouldn't have a choice at all unless he made one now.

"Get away! Go. Befor I..."
He tried to shout at her as he waved his hands around ineffectually.
But his voice was dulled by doubt, and his attempts at being intimidating trailed off rapidly.

It did not help that he couldn't see what he was looking at, or address her directly.

He tried to growl at her.
It was a sound that sometimes slipped out unintentionally and it terrified him.
But now that he actually wanted to growl like a beast, his voice failed him.

"Gerrrr..."
It was an empty imitation of the sound, which lacked the emotion and the soul of the real thing.
As obvious and vapid as fake laughter.

Levi braced himself for his attention to abruptly shift.
Or for that colorful blind spot to suddenly move.
But all he felt was a very slight wavering in his focus, that just as quickly recovered.

She was cautious of him, but evidently, not afraid.

Levi's frustrated whining sounded genuine at least, as he indecisively moved towards his the boy.

He had to help him!
Check if he was alive at least.

Levi took six steps forwards and reached out.
But a pounding in his head and a glittering in the corner of his vision convinced him to take two steps back.

Did he risk it?
He didn't know!

His electoral field had proven itself to be harmless under most circumstances.
And he was fairly certain it had something to do with the balance of anger and fear he was feeling.

But was he willing to gamble a life on that assumption?

Was there even a life left to gamble?
The boy still wasn't moving!

Levi literally spun in tail swishing circles as his brain wracked with indecision.
He was not a leader.
Not even a man of action.

The only reason he fought those werewolves all those years ago was because a stranger told him to!

He wished he'd hidden like the others!
That he had run!
That they never offered him a position here!
That he never had said yes!

Why oh why had he said YES!?!

Levi felt something 'snap' in his head.
And stopped thinking.

He felt his legs pumping unsteadily beneath him.
His bare feet pressed hard against the cold floor.
He surged forward, far too recklessly to maintain the pace, but he didn't stop to consider what would happen next.

His eyes bulged in their sockets as the world slowly came crashing down around him.
But he was moving forward far faster than he was going down.

Crashing towards his target.
Landing belly first beside the dying boy.
Before getting up and scooting over.

The boy was still being held by the older man.
Who was distractedly muttering to himself.
"We have to… he's still… still breathing…"

Levi could see how much he was struggling to keep focus but focal point was making that impossible.

"Thysis a bd idia!"
Whined Levi incoherently as he checked the boy's pulse.

He was relieved to find that he still had one.
But there was a problem.

Despite what the man was mumbling, the boy was not breathing at all.
Perhaps he was a few moments ago, but he had stopped at some point.

Levi saw the burnt black spot directly in the center of the boy's torso.
Above the belly button, but thankfully below where his heart would be.

It looked like something the size of a football had scorched into the bright orange fabric, and then down into the flesh beneath it.
Pale skin went red with painful inflammation, then suddenly black and flaky, before finally peeling back to red again with exposed flesh.

He was bleeding, though only slightly.
It seemed the wound had instantly cauterized itself.

It looked bad but… it wasn't the worst burn Levi had ever seen.
There was no way for him to know for sure, but if the damage ran more wide than deep then he would probably have fairly good odds at living.
Albeit with a nasty scar for the rest of his life.

In his frantic state Levi tried to recall what he was trained and drilled to do in this situation.
They did train him, rather extensively in skills like first aid.
The tricky part was applying those practical formulaic procedures to the ridiculous insane scenarios which were brought up by unstable magic.

Levi's mind raced past his tongue as he continued to talk gibberish to himself under her breath.

The first thing his training told him to do in the event of an electrocution was to remove the victim from the source of the…

He hesitated for a fraction of a second to look at the happy cloud of blue sparks dancing in and out of existence around them and grimaced.

Yeah that wasn't possible anymore.
He had already committed to this, so backing out now would simply impart all of the risk without the possibility of it helping.
All he could do now was keep going, and pray that he made the right decision.

Levi tried to get the kid to lay flat on the ground, and had to actually pry him out of the grip of the man propping him up to do so.
He may have accidentally clawed up the man's hands in the process, which he would have to apologize for later, but right now his only focus was on the boy.

Levi double checked that the boy was not breathing, then placed his hands over his patient's chest.
No where near the entity point, but instead directly above the heart.

This was not the first time that Levi had performed CPR.
He had saved no less than four people using this technique over the years, but this was the first time doing it in this body.

He had no idea if he was using too much force.
Cracking a rib was actually not the worst thing that could happen when performing CPR, though push too hard and you could easily crush someone to death.

Levi was just trying to make sure his claws didn't-

A big wet nose pushed into Levi's ear making him jump.
Apparently, Focal Point had gotten over her apprehension remarkably quickly and was once again being uncharacteristically friendly.

"Get off!" Levi growled as he pushed her away.
But she seemed undeterred.
If anything she seemed to draw excitement from his growling.
Like a little dog pestering a big dog, known that they wouldn't actually hurt them.
Despite their empty threats and very obvious complaints.

"This isn't agame! Go bug somone else."

He really didn't get why she was singling him out.
Why did she let him of all people operate and function without her locking his brain down?

"Dpùúùúùúùúyrrrrrrrrrr…"
She purred unhelpfully, as she lowered her head to the floor and wiggled back and forth.
Practically begging him to play with her.
When he refused she huffed, but soon found that pouncing after the random passing sparks of lightning was just as enjoyable.

Levi ignored her and tried applying mouth to mouth.
It was awkward, not because it was a boy, but because his lips were different and it took him a bit of trial and error to build up the pressure he needed to actually push air into his lungs.

"Come on comeon!"
Levi begged as he continued to alternate between pounding on the young man's chest, and trying to force air into his lungs.

But nothing changed.

Levi was stressed out of his mind, but he refused to slow.
Maybe he wasn't pushing hard enough?
He had yet to hear the tell tale sound of a rib cracking, so he figured giving it a bit more couldn't hurt compared to giving less.

What was he going to do?
Make him worse?

Levi saw the body jump a few times, even twitch a bit as the sparks traveled through it.
Was his electrical field misfiring since of the young man's nerves?
Or was it dealing even further damage?

Sharp regret pricked at him.
But if the boy was truly dead then he'd deal with it later.
For now his feeble attempts to resuscitate the body couldn't possibly hurt anymore than it already had.

"Please liv… plese livea."

Levi didn't know how long he sat there.
Robotically going through the motions with a kind of grim certainty.
Either this would work, or the kid would die.
The totality of that weighed on him, and stressed him out to no end.

Yet simultaneously, there was something almost liberating about knowing that the decision had already been made.

He waited in suspense as he pushed and pushed.
Throwing his whole body into the reprieve regiment.

One, two, three…
Levi counted in his head.
Following guides and instructions drilled into him.

One set, then two, then three, then four…
The number of times he ran the process was not as important as the timing of the loop itself.
So he lost count fairly quickly.

Force air into lungs, perform chest compressions, check for breathing, repeat.
Levi would do it again and again and again until it worked, or someone pulled him off and told him it was time to give up.

Otherwise he would work until he passed out.

The boy had to live.
It was his fault.
He had to live.
He would never forgive himself if-

Levi bent down and checked for breathing.
He then very nearly started a new set just out of sheer rhythm.
But he stopped himself from repeating the cycle because something had changed.

Levi held his breath as did a rapid double take and made absolutely sure he hadn't just imagined it.
But no… he was definitely right.

The boy was breathing again.
It was worryingly slow and shallow, but it was something!

Levi made a small inhuman sound that apparently conveyed a strong sense of relief, or perhaps gratitude.
But he didn't let himself relax yet.

He switched to a type of assistive massage therapy that he had been taught as part of his training.
It wasn't nearly as rough as the CPR, but it wasn't exactly gentil either.

Levi slowly softened his touch bit by bit as the boy's breathing grew in strength.
Until eventful he was simply holding him comfortingly as he started coughing.

The boy coughed lightly at first, then harder and harder as consciousness returned to him.

He sat up shaking and gasping for air.
Levi let him cling to him, and slowly rubbed the boys back.

"Thar that… it's okay."
Levi clumsily tried to reassure him.

There were still damn flecks of light floating around them like a mini snow storm of sparks.
They were dying out in number now that the main stress was over.
But he knew that they wouldn't disappear entirely until his heart stopped pounding in his chest.

At least they weren't reacting with anything.
He could literally see the electricity flowing into people, but it passed through them harmlessly.

It didn't make any sense, but static jolts from rubbing your socks against the carpet were far less gentil than his power was.

Or at least…
Levi looked at the blackened flesh.
…most of the time it was harmless.

Levi winced as the young man regained his strength and edged closer and closer to consciousness.
He wanted him to wake up, but he was dreading the moment he recognized him as the monster who shot him in the first place.

Surely he'd freak out, at least a little bit, when he saw that he was right next to him now.
They were literally touching.

Levi cringed internally at the thought of that rather awkward exchange, and absentmindedly wondered if he should lay the boy back down on his back and try to sneak away before he fully woke up.

That might be best for him.

Then again… wasn't the crowd about to turn into an angry mob just a second ago?

Perhaps it was best for Levi's well-being if he stayed here and advertised the fact that he just saved the kid…

From the injury which he accidentally inflicted in the first place…

…

Okay maybe it was better for him to leave now.
Still, Levi didn't move.
His body was trembling from the intense anxiety and relief, and maybe just a little bit from tactile overload.

He may have made amazing progress in reclaiming his mobility, but it was still incredibly difficult for him to wrap his head around his new body.

It still sometimes just got too much for him, and he had been doing a lot of moving around today.
So he was beginning to run up against that limit.

That was fine.
Levi looked at all of the distracted people around him, and reassured himself that he still had time to sort himself out before he had to go.

Focal Point could keep this up for hours at a-

"The ####?!?"
Gina swore suddenly as she reeled back with a snap of motion.
She blinked and looked around, clutching at her head with a wince as she tried to reorient herself.
"What the #### just happened?" 

Levi looked at her incredulously, then he looked around and saw Focal Point do the same.

She saw him looking at her and then Levi suddenly found how the hand made stitching in his custom shorts were actually the most fascinating thing in-

Levi blinked as his senses caught back up with him.
He was distracted for a little over a minute, so the neon monster was already long gone.
Probably hiding somewhere in plane view.

He didn't expect to see her, but he also didn't expect a hand to be waved in front of his face.

Levi jolted in surprise and only half heard Gina speaking to him.
"-ight? Anybody home in there?"

"Wa-?"
Levi focused on the concerned women in front of him.
She looked confused, concerned, and hunted.

"You there? You see me?"
She slapped the side of his face a few times, to which he responded by pawing her hand away.

"Dont touch me eye hurt you."
Levi complained with clear annoyance.

He didn't get how anyone could be so incautious around him.
Did she not see the young man with the hole burned into his chest?

She just sighed with relief, then looked at him seriously.
"We need to get out of here. Something is making us think about utter rubbish! I only just managed to break free from whatever it is. Hurry up, we need to get you out of here before you zone out again."

Levi shook his head.
"I know wats doin tis. Her naym is Focl Point. She's rumning round heer somewyre."
He chanced a glance around and completely skimmed over the colorful creature straining to maintain this obviously taxing display of her power.

Omitting herself from people's perceptions was one thing.
But locking them down and forcing them to pay attention to only one specific thing was quite another.

Levi did not notice her struggle, but he did notice the rapidly increasing number of people breaking free from her spell.

Gina followed his gaze, saw the multi-colored beast quite clearly, and promptly ignored her just as he had done.
"Well okay, that's… helpful I guess? But we still need to get you out of here before they gut you like a fish."

She looked around at the other people waking up and put her hands on her hips in exasperation.
Then she looked back and down at him.
"Problem is you're ####ing hard to miss, and we're in a hallway. Not a lot of places to hide. Also I dropped my weapon, and I don't have enough fluids in me to make another."

Levi saw her ponder the situation for a good long time before she eventually sighed and gave him a woozy shrug.
"I don't see a way to make this right…"
 
She didn't panic or fret.
But she looked at him meaningfully.

There was little warmth there.
Some pity, and just a little regret.
But mostly cold and impassive.

She saw the tides shifting against him.
The mob of terrified strangers looking to him as a target.
She expected his death.
And although she would do what she could to help him.
She also wouldn't morn him if she failed.

"Why'd you have to pick up an arm and parade it around like a trophy? You know that was a stupid idea right? Also ####ing tasteless."
Gina complained idally as she kept an eye out and tried to decide if she still should be standing next to him.

She looked at him with a sort of casual seriousness and asked.
"So? What's the plan?"

Levi whined piteously.
A wordless, selfish complaint.

Why did he have to make the decisions?
Why couldn't someone else take charge and just tell him what he needed to do?

But at the same time… 
He knew that kind of thinking was unhealthy and toxic.
Blindingly seeking out an authority to submit to had led him to supporting a genuinely evil organization.

And because of that, he helped them commit atrocities upon his fellow man that he never even imagined could exist before.

No… He had to change.

It was ironic considering his current condition. 
But it didn't matter how much he had changed on the outside, if he was still the same pathetic excuse of a man on the inside.

Strange matter had changed what he was, when what really needed to change was who he was.

"Time is running out…" she pressed. "I hope you have something to say for yourself."

Levi looked out with wide eyes as he saw people shake themselves out of the spell.
One by one by one until something finally snapped and Focal Point's influence broke.
Or rather it was once again relegated to simply hiding her.

"What the hell?"

"Oh God, what was I doing?"

"I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry! I didn't mean to look at your… I couldn't take my eyes off of…"

"Who the ####'s power was that? Fess up! Or I'm gonna cover your skin in mayonnaise!"

"Just so we're clear that wasn't just me right?"

"Who else found themselves suddenly obsessed with the thought of celery for no reason?"

"Damn tiger gecko dog! Where are you? I'll kill-"

"I feel like my head should hurt after that."

"Samantha! Samantha!? Where are you?! Samantha!?"

"Anyone know how long we were… whatever that was?"

Levi watched on in horror and fascination as people reeled against the mental whiplash and hurried to reoriented themselves.
Some quicker and better than others.

The man who had previously been trying to drag the kid away was one of the slower ones to react.

Oh he broke free at about the same time.
But he woke up within arms reach of Levi and froze dead white with fear.

His jaw worked a few times before he finally got the words out.
"N-n-nice… b-blue… thing..."

Levi rolled his eyes.
Clearly this man missed the part with him talking, and assumed he was just another monster.
Which was understandable considering how much was going on down here.
But it was still a little annoying.

"Levy… muh nameis Levii."
Levi offered him his clawed hand to shake just out of habit since he was trying to be overly polite and formal.

The two of them looked at the offered hand until Levi awkwardly retracted it.
"Aktualy, prolly best not to toch me. I still downt have ta best grasp of my powzers."

The man… whom Levi had decided to mentally refer to as red beard …gave him a look of pure incredulity and genuine confusion.

"Is it…" Red Beard briefly glanced around as if looking for someone to address before almost reluctantly settling on him "Are you speaking?"

Levi gave him an exasperated look and nodded his head.
Some people had a harder time understanding him than others.

Red beard seemed to digest this information as he slowly leaned back.
He was just about to stand up when he remembered why he crouched down in the first place.

The man looked down sharply at the barely college aged Asian boy on the floor.
Instantly he was rather visibly conflicted between staying away from the big blue monster, and making sure the kid with the cauterized wound was okay.

Though Levi was already hurrying to back away and give them as much space as he could.

"They going to be alright?"
Someone from the crowd, possibly Gina, asked.

Red Beard delicately did his own assessment.
Though by this point the boy was coughing and gasping loudly.
A horrible, sickly sound, that actually implied a lot more health than the eerily gentil and shallow breaths he was taking before.

"I think some of his ribs are broken." He muttered after a moment.
Then he looked at Levi with a half accusatory expression "What did you do?"

"C.. P.. R.."
Answered sheepishly, being sure to fully and clearly enunciate every syllable.

By this point the hacking boy was conscious enough to weakly try to sit up.
But Red Beard kept him down by lightly placing a hand on his shoulder.

"No, don't get up."
He hurried to instruct, before turning back to Levi with a flash of confused annoyance.

"So you shoot him in the chest and then try to save him? What gives?"
He wasn't incredulous, just annoyed.
Red Beard was smart enough to not rule out the idea that there was a good explanation for the aggression.

After all… He was talking to a seven foot eight lizard man, while trying to escape from a secret underground testing facility, where a shadow government could experiment on people like him using magic metal.

He knew the score, and it did not necessarily favor rational conclusions.

"I-"

Gina cut him off.
"I said he's control less. Didn't ya'hear? But nooooo… you lot just haaaad to start throwing things and antagonizing him."

"I didn't throw anything."
Red Beard protested.

But Gina wasn't listening.
She was going on a rant, while wagging her finger at random people in the crowd and getting a little bit peachy.

"You should all be f###ing ashamed of yourselves! We've been given the opportunity of a lifetime, and what do you do with it? Fall into pointless infighting and attack each other.

That's low. And more than that it's stupid! 

We've all f###ing super heroes now! We've got powers and s##t, and those powers have quirks, and rules, and who knows what else that you, don't, f###ing, know!

I bet a good number of us don't even know how our own powers work, let alone other people's."

Feeling the need to prove her point she glanced around and addressed the watching audience.
"Anyone who sometimes has difficulty controlling their power, raise your hand."

With a scowl she lifted her arm up in the air.
It highlighted the fact that she was swaying like a drunken sailor, but her authoritative glare bullied a few other people into begrudgingly raising their hands.

Though most people were too distracted to pay attention.
Same not because of Focal Point.
Something was happening further down the hallway.
A commotion of some kind, maybe another fight or the aftermath of an accident.

Personally, Levi thought that Gina's argument was pretty weak.
Since there was a huge difference between losing control, and not having any control to begin with.
Especially when it came to powers that were overtly dangerous or harmful.

But Levi kept his mouth shut, since now was not the time to be debating against the only person trying to defend him.

"Now wait just a minute! I won't just give a free pass to everyone who goes crazy down here, simply because it's not their fault that they sound up that way. Yes it's very sad when a dog goes rabid, but you still have to put 'em down."
A small short woman from the crowd protested.

She had streaks of darkened skin running down her eyes, like the tear line markings of a cheetah.
Other than that she looked normal, if a bit unaccustomed to being in public without makeup on.

Levi opened his mouth to speak but talking was slow and cumbersome for him, and no one wanted to wait for him.
The conversation was moving much too fast for that.

Gina put her hands on her hips.
"He's not insane." She asserted strongly "He's an idiot, a yellow bellied cowered, an insulting suck up, and he has absolutely no tact or respect for common human decency whatsoever. But despite all that, he is at least trying to be a good man."

Levi blinked.
As biting as that was, that was a far more favorable description of him than he would have expected from her.
He thought she hated his guts.
So why was she defending him all of a sudden?

"Not insa-" the woman with the tear marks nearly choked on the pure incredulity of it.
Before finding her voice and sharply reminding everyone that "He ripped someone's arm off, and then shot a child!"

Levi looked at the twenty something year old who was lying on the floor and half consciously muttering something incoherent to Red Beard.

He could have mentioned that calling a college aged boy a child was maybe a bit disingenuous.
But Gina seemed more than willing to do all the taking.

Which he didn't mind all that much because he sucked at it.
Even before his transformation, he was always more of a listener than a talker.

"First of all, he did not rip anyone's arm off. Alright hun? He picked it up off the ground because we needed blood and I already spent all of mine."
She gestured wildly at the vertical slits in her arms that looked like scares until she pulled them apart with her fingers.

The crowd reeled back in disgust as they watched her peel her skin open an inch or two and reveal blooming veins of blood that rose unusually towards the open air.

Gina winced as she let go of her arm and let the slit reseal itself.
"Probably shouldn't have done that…" she muttered, as she grabbed ahold of the precious four drops of blood she let escape from her body.

She couldn't put them back, and she didn't have any actual use for them at the moment, so she just held them like glass marbles.

"What the #### kinda power is that?!"
A random jumper called out with a disquieted jeer, and a few others echoed similar sentiments.
Though others noticed the way she was swaying on her feet, and were rightfully concerned for her.

"Are you alright?"

"What the heck? Don't hurt yourself!"

"Were you like… Suicidal or something when you first got your…? You know."

Gina held up her free hand weakly.
"I'm fine, I just…"
She let herself sit down because her head was clearly spinning.
"I overdid it a little. I'll be fine eventually. I just need some time to recover."

She looked around as a thought occurred to her suddenly.
"And some juice. Does anyone have any juice? No? Damn…"

She sounded genuinely disappointed.
But then another random person shouted from somewhere in the back.
"I can make popcorn balls appear out of thin air. Does that count?"

"What? Seriously?"
Half the crowd chorused as one.

And in no time at all people were awkwardly passing around sticky, caramelized, treats that looked unnervingly identical to each other.

Gina declined the offer since what she needed was fluids.
Though it was also obvious that she didn't exactly trust the conjured sweats.
A sentiment shared by a good number of the people present.

The woman with the tear marks blinked as an unrequested popcorn ball was deposited into her hand.
She looked like she had absolutely no clue what to do with it, and was almost relieved when Focal Point brazenly strolled over and chomped it up for herself.

Rather than register the fact that there was a brightly colored dinosaur-like thing in front of her, she felt compelled to return to the topic at hand.
"And why again did you need blood in the first place? Are you a vampire? Do you need blood to survive or something?"

She had a sour look on her face, like she was waiting for her to say something incriminating.

Gina scoffed and showed off the way she could make those four drops of blood hoover in the air.
"No, I don't need it to survive. At least not in the way you think. I got ###### over with the power to turn my blood into a weapon. Which is why I was shoved close enough to fighting that I got to see what actually happened."

Her voice cracked a little against her will.
Oh she was trying so hard to maintain her composure and project the image of a tough, confident, badass.

But the all too familiar cracks of fresh trauma were slowly seeping through.
Despite her best efforts to act like she didn't care.
Still… she pressed on…

"You wanna know who actually chopped off that guy's arm? Well I ####ing fought it and it was so much ####ing worse than this sorry sack of #### ever could be. The only ####ing reason I'm still alive is because it ####ing didn't care about me."

She was swearing excessively, and shaking with the weight of the emotions pressing against her.
People looked at her, and she grinned a manic joyless smile.

"Yeah that's right… let that sink in… I have the ability to conjure ####ing bullets from my ####ing arms! Yet I'm only alive because an overblown scorpion thought that ending my life was not worth the half a second of thought it required to teleport my head from my ####ing body!"

Someone raised their hand as if this was some kind of classroom and asked.
"Wait… I thought we were fighting super police though? The guys in the uniforms?"

Gina nodded.
"Yeah we are. But that kid's opening doors at random, and now there's monsters crawling about. Things that steal skin, imitate dead loved ones, and crawl out of the farthest reaches of your nightmares. You know… true horror ####."

Levi shuddered at his encounter with Somnia.
He was far from the only one to look haunted.

Gina continued.
"We can't have everyone up at the front. Some of us have to be at the back incase of an ambush. Now I thought that would be the safest spot for me until I realized that job also included screening the wayward newcomers for demons."

The women with tear marks sniffed defensively, as she falsely and someone narcissistically interpreted Gina's fresh personal trauma as an attack on her characters.
"Well I'm sorry, but not everyone is cut out for combat. Some of us have powers that would be wholly useless on a battlefield."

To demonstrate her point she stepped up onto thin air, as if she was walking up a flight of invisible stairs.
She stopped about a foot and a half off the ground, and spread her arms as if to say 'look how useless this is?'.

Gina just looked at her blankly.

After nearly a minute, the woman's brow wrinkled in uncertainty.
Until someone who looked like an acquaintance of hers leaned in and politely explained.
"Standing on air can actually be pretty useful in combat if you use it right."

The woman shot him a glare that seemed extra intense because of the dark lines streaming down her eyes.
Then she gave him a forced smile and said, "True… But that advantage is meaningless if I don't have a weapon, and I can only go so far off the ground anyway. Besides, I'm not a fighter."

"Neither am I."
Gina snapped, and so eyes turned back towards her.
"Do you think I wanted this? I may be from Texas but I don't even know how to use a gun. I'm a ####ing food truck owner! The only reason I'm up here killing for our ####ing freedom is because I just so happened to get a power that can ####ing kill people! So don't you dare talk to me about-"

Levi heard a polite coughing from behind him and turned.

He saw Calvin standing a respectful distance away from him, looking somewhat shell shocked.
The bald man was clutching at a jar of mayonnaise, while only half watching the argument playing out before them.

After a second he spoke to Levi, in a quiet tone of voice that could easily be heard but didn't attract attention.
"Yeah um… We don't really have time for this and um… We really should keep going before the jailbreak kid gets down here. Before we got separated I saw him indiscriminately opening every door he came across as fast as he could. Which led to big problems."

Calvin looked over his shoulder and eyed some of the doors they already painted.
"If we could stop those fights before they even begin by tagging the problem supers first? It could save us a lot of time and lives."

"But…"
Levi looked around.
At the argument playing out.
And at the kid who was looking down at the hole in his belly with a pale look of horror.

The man fussing over him seemed like a doctor, or at least a nurse of some kind.
He was clearly paying attention to Levi, but didn't seem to object to the idea of him leaving.

Levi was relieved to see him regaining strength enough to speak, but winced as their eyes met.

"Y- You shocked me!"
He croaked quietly, while pointing an accusatory expression of terror at his assailant.

"I'm sorry!"
Levi squeaked.
His voice cracking into a piteous whine.

"Hey, I need you. Come on."
Calvin insisted with his best attempt at a harsh snap, that was either held back or enhanced by the fact that he was keeping his voice down.

He did not help Levi up.
In fact he made it a point to stay at least eight feet away from him at all times, and looked unsafe at even that distance.
But he whispered words of mind encouragement as he watched Levi rise up.

He nodded to Levi, and then pointed further down the hallway.
"Point out the boxes that need marking and I'll mark them. Don't worry. I won't make you justify who you are singling out. Not because I don't care, but because I know we don't have time for it, and we can't save everyone."

Calvin unscrewed the mayonnaise jar and stuck two fingers into it.
When he looked up he raised an eyebrow and pointed again more forcefully.
"Go. I'm right behind you."

Levi hugged the wall and slipped past the crowd with amazing ease.
Either they were just too busy arguing to notice, Focal Point was still meddling with people's attention again. 

"What are you?"

"Sir, madam, whatever you are, listen I-"

"What the hell is going on out there?"

"Someone, open my cage! Please?"

"What the f### is that!?!"

"Hey, you're escaping right? Let me out I can h-"

Levi did not say a word to any of the people in the cages he passed by.
Even as they shouted at him and others through the glass.

Some people were going door to door giving out hurried explanations, but he wasn't one of them.
All he was focused on was identifying people he knew.
Which, to be fair, was over half this section of the facility.

However he only bothered to stop when he-

"This won."
Levi clumsily said, as he tapped the glass which held back a jittering humanoid that looked like something straight out of an old Renaissance bestiary.

He hurried back to give Calvin some room.
Then watched with mild fascination as the man smeared his greasy mayonnaise covered fingers all over the glass.

The man didn't slather on the mayonnaise.
In fact he was rather sparring, only rubbing on a thin layer of oil that was completely invisible against the rainbow crystal.

Then something changed.
It looked disturbingly like a large poster just materialized out of thin air.
It was the exact same bright warning as he had used before with the blood, only applied to a significantly thinner substance.
Not that you could tell just by looking at it.

"How-?"

Calvin cut him off balefully.
"I told you that we could have used anything! But did either of you listen? No… You just had to go slitting your wrists and picking up dismembered limbs, like total creeps."

He looked justifiably upset about that.
And Levi had to admit… He was not proud of his lack of forethought.

But still… he just had to ask…
"Ware did you ge that?"

Calvin looked down at the only slightly emptied, family sized jar of mayonnaise that Levi was pointing at.
Levi could tell from the label that it was an off brand product from a local grocery store he recognized.

"This?"
Calvin lifted the jar up with a look of pure confusion as to why it mattered.
"I have no idea where this came from. I just asked around for liquids that wouldn't evaporate until someone handed it to me. I don't know why they had it. Maybe it was in their room when they escaped? Or they could have magically sneezed it out of their nose for all I care, it's better than using blood."

Levi flushed under his scales, as his tail curled around his feet.
He could not argue with that.

Calvin fixed him with a glare that lasted until he noticed the way he was standing.
Then he clicked his tongue and his voice softened.
"Look… I know you're probably some sort of over trained super soldier."

"I'm n-"

The man kept speaking, just a bit more forcefully than before.
"But like it or not you're one of us now. And we do things a little differently than whatever force you were a part of. We are a mob, and a very dangerous mob at that. We're all united together in this mess. At least until we've got our feet on solid ground again.

We can break up and turn on each other like wild dogs after we're free, but until then we're all working towards the same goal. Understand? These people are chomping at the bit to find some way to be helpful. So if you need something, then you can just ask around for someone else with an answer.

That's how I got dragged into this.
And you know what?
I'm grateful for it.
Because now I can do something other than sitting on my thumbs.
Not much more, but it's something."

Levi… Nodded.
If he could talk more freely then he would probably do a bit of explaining of his own.
But they didn't have time for a conversation, and they especially didn't have time for a conversation using his slowly constructed voice.

So a nod and a return to work would have to do.

Levi skipped over several cells with orange jumpers that he didn't actually know.
They could be people, they could be monsters.
He did not know which they were.
So he skipped over them altogether.

Perhaps that was wrong.
Perhaps he should have marked the unfamiliar to stay sealed.
He nearly did mark the FVT that he didn't recognize, on the grounds that all FVTs were insane.
And therefore they were at higher risk of being monsters.

But… Then he thought about Focal Point.
She wasn't a unique occurrence.
Insanity did not always mean violence, so there were actually a fair number of FVTs who were okay.

One or two of them were… actually pretty decent people still.
Sure they were unbalanced, barely recognizable parodies of who they were before, but still.

They didn't deserve to be dismissed outright.

What they really deserved was extra attention and increased scrutiny because of the increased risks.
But Levi did not have time to be discerning.
Maybe once he tagged everyone he knew on this level, he could go back and start looking for new threats.
But for right now he was only interested in people that he-

…recognized…

An Italian American man sat on the floor next to the wall, with his eyes trained towards the commotion outside.
He looked tired, like he had been on his feet for far too long today.
And yet his body was tense and ready to spring into action the moment anything changed. 

He looked right at Levi, and met his gaze.

"Frank."
Levi breathed, as an obvious solution jumped out at him.

Frank Ricci blinked and tilted his head as if trying to decide if he heard that right.
Then he cautiously opened his mouth and asked.
"Do I… know you?"

"You did…" Levi glanced at Calvin, who looked worried that this would drag out too long and waste more time.
He sighed, "But thas not impertint."

Frank raised an eyebrow, but didn't question it.
"Would you mind telling me how you got out at least? I've been seeing people running back and forth for the past hour but no one wants to talk to me. I've got a power that could get people out, though it could be risky because-"

"I know." Levi cut him off.

The man gave him a disturbed look that said "I'm certain I've never seen a blue lizard man before."

Levi pressed his snout against the glass and spoke as clearly as he possibly could.
"We are roghfly two thowsand three hondred feet down undergrownd. There are emgerncy lites placed six feet at most throoout the entire compownd, witch contain gawlim… gah- ga-li…"

He cleared his throat "ga-le-um... If you need to, someone can break a lite open for you to inspect. We're six myles inlnd from the ocen. And there is also a gated airea directly above us. So aim wyde."

Frank looked more and more freaked out with every word out of Levi's mouth.
And not just because of his uncanny appearance.
"How do you- where did- …Are you a time traveler or something? How do you know me? Why do you know so much about how my power works? Who are you?"

Levi gave him a sheepish smile.
"Just someone yew used to talk with."

It felt wrong to explain further somehow.
At least not right now.
So instead of answering any more questions, Levi turned to Calvin and wanted him over to the sealed door.
"Marc this one with smething else. Something tat will tell the dour opening kid to let this gye out as qick as thay can."

Calvin took a moment to process those butchered words before he got it.
He seemed curious, but didn't enquire further lest he waste more precious time.

Levi wasn't about to waste any time either.
As Calvin dipped his fingers into the jar and began to apply the oily coating, Levi turned around to face the crowd.

With a look of determination, he cupped his lacerated hands to his snout and shouted.
 "Can amyone brake sumfting for me? I need someone to smaash one of the lites!"

Most people seemed completely uninterested in Levi's request.
More still had no clue what he was saying, or were just plain weary of him on principle.

To his surprise, someone actually did pick up the call and passed it along.
"Hey! Anyone good at smashing things? Someone needs something broken!"

After a moment of listening to the chaotic mess of people shouting she turned back around and asked.
"What do you need broken again?"

Levi pointed down at the little dormant LED lights embedded into the concrete floor behind an inconspicuous glass cap.
They were spaced out in a producible pattern that you could easily mistake as just part of the floor.

Technically they were glowing, which in theory should have made them more noticable.
But they were so dim and numerous that most people just forgot they were there at all.

"You want to break through the floor?" Someone asked incredulously "What's on the floor beneath us?"

Levi gave him a flat look and hissed a little in the back of his throat.

Someone else who heard what he said earlier corrected them.
"Actually, I think they want to break the lights."

Levi pointed at them and nodded rapidly.
This was quickly devolving into a weird, high stakes game of charades.
But that was okay so long as it saved precious time.

"Wait what?" a woman exclaimed. "Why are we talking about breaking the lights? I don't want to be plunged into darkness!"

"I think it's trying to trick us. I bet it can see in the dark and plans to kill us when we are helpless."

"Sounds like a really stupid plan no matter how you slice it."

"That'll hurt us waaaay more than it will hurt the bad guys. They're army people or something. I bet they have night vision goggles or some ####."

"Actually… You're right! But that begs the question. Why don't they just turn the lights off themselves? A flick of a switch and boom! We're all helpless."

"Maybe they don't actually have night vision goggles after all? Or they haven't thought of it yet?"

Levi opened his mouth, but thankfully Frank cut in to clear the air.
"Hey. Hey over here."
He banged on the glass a few times to get people's attention.
"No one is trying to shut the light off. What he's asking for is someone to smash one light, and bring whatever goop is inside to me. I've got a power that can teleport people, but it's unreliable. Whatever is inside the lights might help improve my accuracy."

A young girl with hair that looked like it was mixed with cotton put her hands on her hips.
"How does that work? And how is that supposed to help us when you're in there and we're out here."

Frank gave her a weak smile.
"Well… my hope was that someone would get me off of this cage first. Obviously."

The man was sweating with nerves, but he was hardly the only person to be jumpy right now.
He explained, perhaps a little bit only quickly.
"I can teleport things. But I have no clue where they'll end up. Its destination is more or less random. However, what I can do is put up restrictions. Guidelines of the types of places I don't want to include."

Frank held up his hands and began to count on his fingers. "Rules like… There has to be ground within a few feet. There has to be enough air nearby, so that nothing appears underground or in a wall. Don't put it underwater. Don't put it near large amounts of metal or sand."

Someone else snapped their fingers as they saw where this was going.
"Or… Don't appear too close to materials in the lights! That's what you're up to isn't it!"

Frank pointed at the person who guessed it.
"Exactly. I'll have to pick something rare that doesn't show up in nature much, or I'll end up excluding the very spots that I'm trying to land us. The big problem is that I can't concentrate on that many variables at a time. So if we do use my power to escape, then we'll end up scattered all over the place. Which actually may or may not be a bad thing, depending if we're chipped or not."

Dozens of pairs of eyes turned to stare at Levi.
Much to the confusion of people like Frank, who didn't know who he was or used to be.

Levi was uncomfortable with the attention.
But he didn't bother to hide the fact that he felt like an idiot.
He had forgotten all about the tracking chips!

The vests weren't the ones who put them in, and they almost never became relevant to the job in any way.
Since any jumper with the ability to outsmart Redgate's information system could also outsmart a tracker.

In fact it had been so long since they were at all relevant to Levi's life, that he had completely forgotten where they usually put them.

Levi ran his fingers down his arms, then up around his neck, looking for tiny bumps.
The only problem was that his entire body was covered in tiny bumps, and his fingers were not nearly as sensitive as they used to be.
As it turned out, human skin was way better than scales were for the sensation of touch.

Other people searched themselves too.
Either copying Levi, or independently responding to Frank's observation that they very well might be bugged.

"You… You don't think they really put tracking chips in us. Do you?"

"I had one in my dog back home. They're not even that expensive. So why wouldn't they chip us?"

"Does that mean the escape is doomed to fail?"

"There has to be some way to preserve this..."

"Everyone shut up! There is no reason to think they're capable of tracking us. So pull it together and stop looking for excuses to give up!"

"Hey I'm just being practical!"

"HEY! Does anyone have a metal detecting power?"

More bickering and fretting erupted through the crowd, as more questions and speculations were tossed around.

Levi wanted to join the conversation, but his slow speech was easily talked over and ignored.

That was until someone addressed him directly, and asked "You used to be a guard right? Tell me if they injected us with tracking chips, and if so, where?"

Frank did a double take at that.
"Wait what?"

Levi held his hands up defensively.
"Yes? But ey don't-"

Frank pressed his head against the glass and stared at him intensely.
"Hold the flipping phone for one goddamn minute! You know my power, you know my name, you used to be a… Who are you? How do I know you?"

Levi bit his lip and tried to avoid eye contact as if he had somehow been caught in a lie.
He didn't know what to say, or why he felt like he had to hide this from him.

But to his horror, Calvin casually walked up, and helpfully supplied the answer for him.
"I think I heard his name was Levi or something?"

"Levi Athan!?"
Frank exclaimed in surprise.
"But he's… You're… They said… They told me you were dead!"

His jaw gaped open as he looked back and forth, but Levi refused to look at him, of anyone else really.

He felt embarrassed and ashamed for some reason.
Oh how he wished he had a cloak or blanket or something to cover himself with.
As it was, he felt pretty naked and exposed with just his shorts on.

"What happened to you? Did they do this to you? I was told you died of cancer, but that's clearly a lie. Are you alright? Levi? Hey Levi? Are you even listening to me?"
Blue sparks bled into the air as Frank pressed him for information.

People gasped at the sight and backed up.
Many had seen what happened earlier to the young asian man, and were understandably weary of it repeating with them.

Levi himself recognized the symptoms of him getting too worked up, and took a few deep breaths.
He still felt uncomfortable with all the attention, but he was able to calm down and reassure himself that everything was going to be okay.

The storm subsided, and the immediate section of the hallway grew quiet again.
He then looked at Frank and tried to smile.

"Helllo…"
He waved weakly towards the glass.

Frank just looked at him like he had seen a ghost and was really confused about this fact.

Was he waiting for Levi to answer his questions?
Because if he was then-

A commotion rippled through the crowd from somewhere further down the hallway.
A kind of electric excitement that made some people forget that they were sharing the space with a living tesla coil.

Levi's bubble of personal space all but evaporated as the crowd began to move, and people tried to pack in closer towards the source of all this.

He still had more room than most in the sudden press of bodies, but he was frankly surprised at how quickly people got over the whole electrical field thing.

"What's going on?"
Was a question Levi didn't have to ask.

Many other members of the crowd were asking that same question, and the answer was spreading like wildfire.

"It's the other group! They've circled back around and are rejoining us!"

Levi slowly nodded to himself.
That was… probably a good thing.
It sounded like a good thing anyway, and most of the people in the crowd looked relieved by the news.

But then he saw the worried look that Calvin kept giving him.
The bald man was trying to move towards Levi, but he was getting pinned down by the rush of people.

Levi only had better luck because he was literally dangerous to be around, and at least some people were respecting that fact.

He made his way closer, sometimes having to touch people to shove past them, much to the displeasure of everyone involved.
But eventually he got close enough to have a conversation with the man.
"Waht's going on? Who is the secnd groop?"

Calvin was sweating as he answered.
"It's the kid! The one who let us out in the first place. He's come back for us!"

"Oh…"
Levi said mildly.
"Than we hre out of tyme."

Calvin looked agitated and some rapidly.
"We have to get a message to him. Let him know not to open the marked cells."

Levi gave him a dumbfounded look.
How could anyone possibly miss the giant red signs they've been painting on doors?

Calvin correctly guessed the expression and lifted his hands defensively.
"Look. I'm not saying he won't figure it out on his own. But you've seen how quickly and recklessly he works. Unless we tell him what to look out for, he could easily release a couple of the dangerous ones before figuring out he has help. Not to mention that we've only swept half the hallway so far."

"I nevre see him."
Levi half murmured to himself, but other than that he had to admit Calvin had a point.

He nodded and the two of them joined the frenzy of people trying to push through the crowd.
At first the crowd seemed to at least partially respect Levi's personal space.
But as they pushed deeper in, even that little bit of extra caution was quickly eroded by all the people who didn't know to be scared of him.

Levi's quills slowly rose up as people carelessly touched him, brushed past him, and even shoved into him.

He was not used to this, and it felt weird.
But his main concern was that he could end up hurting someone again.

Redgate was a massive facility, with large thick hallways that almost seemed more like rooms than simple passages.
In fact that daunting size meant that it was usually a rather cold, lonely, and isolating place.

But this?
This was the first time that Levi had seen the hallways filled to capacity.
Hundreds, perhaps even thousands of people all trying to move in one of two directions.
Rubbing shoulders with strangers who could potentially be or do anything. 

It felt like he was being swept off course by a tide in the ocean.
Only… he somehow felt like he would have enjoyed himself better if that actually was the case.
At least then he would be swimming, instead of being jostled about by strangers. 

Levi looked around for Calvin, but he had gone missing.
So he cupped his hands to his mouth and shouted Calvin's name.
Or at least… he tried to.

It turned out that he wasn't good at shouting.
Not only was he still relearning how to talk, but his voice always seemed to want to crack into a lion-like roar whenever he raised it too high.

He kept looking around.
Trying to spot someone he knew amidst the crowd.
And to be fair, he did spot a couple familiar faces from his days as a guard.
But he couldn't see any of the people he was actually looking for.

After a minute now Levi realized that he had gotten himself lost.
Or at least… as lost as one could be in a hallway with only two options for directions.

Levi felt his heartbeat picking up and his breathing growing more panicked.
But thankfully he caught himself before he could lose control over his emotions again.

He froze where he stood, becoming like a rock in a rushing stream of people.
Only he couldn't imagine that rocks were so unsteady.

Levi sat down before someone could knock him over, and tried to assess the situation for a bit.
But there were so many people moving about that he couldn't actually see anything unless he was standing.
That and he kept unintentionally tripping people with his tail.

He decided it was best to stand up and pick a direction to walk in, until he got somewhere where the crowd was thinner.

Levi brushed his quills down with his hand and tried to think of calm happy thoughts.
Mostly because him losing it here, with all these people around would be a disaster.

Calm… I'm calm. I don't start fires, I help put them out. I don't start fires, I help put them out. There is nothing to be worked up over... Everything will be fine. Positive feedback loop. I am in control. Calm.
Levi rambled inwardly as he continued walking.

Then something made his ears tilt up.
The sound of people arguing? No…
A fight had broken out!

And predictably, the crowd had spontaneously formed an amorphous ring around the spectacle.
Like some sort of naturally occurring gladiatorial arena.

Levi ambled as close as he could without pushing into anyone and found that he couldn't really see much of anything.

Occasionally he caught glimpses of the conflict over the heads of others.
But not enough to get a really clear picture of what was going on.

From what he could tell it seemed like a man and a woman were- no… Two women were fighting.
One of them was taller than the other, so she was more visible to Levi from his vantage point.

Whoever she was, she was tough and had excellent muscle tone.
She didn't have a weapon, but there was something weird about the way she fought.

She fought with her fists like a boxer.
But when she went in for a punch there was something… wrong with the way she moved.
She never seemed to pull back from any of her punches.

Instead her body would instantly snap back to its original position.
Often her stance would restart so quickly that she'd lose out on a perfectly good punch because she'd cancel it partway through.

Actually… more than half of her attacks just vanished before she even got close to her opponent.

But it didn't matter.
Because there was no way anyone was getting past that blinding assault.
She was literally always punching, so no one would ever be able to find an opening.

It was a trippy sight to watch in real life.
She looked like she was from a glitched video game, or a badly cut up film.

Levi had no clue how anyone could last five minutes against that onslaught without a power of their own.
Which must have been the case here, since the woman throwing the punches looked incredibly nervous.

The other fighter was much shorter, so all he could see was the top of their scalp.
She had blond hair whoever she was, and she was currently more unsteady on her feet than even Levi. 

The taller woman brought her hand down with a thundering blow after performing eight consecutive fake out attacks from different angles.


Her opponent instantly crumbled under the weight of that hit, and the sound it made was sickening to hear.
A synchronized wince of sympathetic pain was shared throughout the crowd.
Followed by much louder yet less universal cheering.

She stayed down for only a few seconds, but the taller fighter did not give her opponent time to stand back up.
Another series of heavy blows, and she went right back down.

And then there was that sound again…
A muddled mix of cracking bones… and shattered glass…
Like someone stepping on a wine glass wrapped in meat, or snapping a rather large glow stick.

"Why won't you- won't you- why won't- won't you just- you just- just give- give up- give up already!"
The larger woman screamed in both frustration and fear.
Her words minced up and duplicated in scattered fragments by whatever power she was using to enhance her punches.

Levi narrowed his eyes.
He didn't know what was going on.
But he had a suspicion, a sinking feeling in his gut that told him he knew who was on the other end of that beat down.

And if he was right…

"Cuse me, pleas, parrden, coming throogh, sorry."
Levi apologized as he pushed and pulled his way through the crowd.
He hated himself for touching people, but that ship has long since sailed and he needed to see.

Part of him died inside whenever someone looked at him, because their reactions never failed to remind him how bizarre and alien he looked now.
At least their shock and bewilderment usually gave him a window to muscle in towards his goal with minimal resistance.

No one wanted to pick a fight with the strange blue dragon man.
Which was helpful, but also weirdly isolating.

With poorly spoken apologies and just a little bit of conviction, Levi pushed his way forward.
Hoping against hope that his suspicions were incorrect this time.

But no… of course not…
Of course he had to be right.

Levi broke through to the front of the horrified crowd and saw a very familiar young woman.
A very aggressive blond girl who had been beaten and broken to a bloody pulp.

She was so horrifically bloodied that she was barely even recognizable as herself.
But it was her smile which really gave it away.
Oh how could anyone forget that horrible… blood soaked… glasslike smile of sharp, floating, miss matched teeth?

"Khris!?"
Levi clumsily exclaimed.

Chris Brine tilted her head slightly, in response to hearing her name.
But any attention she might have spared for Levi was quickly taken by the fight.

Stumbling like a drunkard she threw a few punches of her own, which were easily dodged.
The click and clatter of her broken bones moving under her flesh sounded like the grinding of glass pebbles.

"How is she still moving?"
It was an incredulity shared around by many.

"It's gotta be her power."
Was the obvious answer.

No matter how many times she was pushed down, Chris just kept getting up.
And the other poor woman was clearly starting to get nervous.

"I don't want- don't want to- want to- want to kill- to kill you!" She protested "Stand- stand d- stand down!"

Chris just spat, and tilted a demonic grin towards her opponent.
"Too bad…" she purred with sadistic pleasure, her triumphant voice warbling with hardly contained malice and emotion.

"I DO!" She barked with a snap as she lunged like a crazed viper, and caught the arm of her attacker.

A fourth of a scream of pain was heard as Chris' sharp nails clawed into her flesh, before time seemed to revert itself and she snap back to before the punch.

Her arm was completely free of injury, yet she backed up and clutched at her arm nonetheless.
A few instances of her wincing in pain and checking her arm flashed by with constant variation.

Then oh so quickly she set herself into a defensive stance again.
Though it did not escape Levi's notice that the wound would periodically blink back into existence before blinking back out.
As if reality was still trying to decide if she did or didn't get hurt.

Chris luned forward and swiped at the air where her opponent was, as the taller woman used her unpredictable speed at lack of connecting actions to nimbley dance around the ring.

Occasionally the taller woman would clap back with a punch out two of her own, but her style had definitely shifted to a more defensive focus.
Despite the fact that she had barely taken a single hit throughout the entire fight.

And that was because something was happening, that made her and everyone else extra nervous.

Sharp rigged shapes had begun poking out of Chris worst wounds, like fragments of broken bones jutting out where they shouldn't be 

But despite this she wasn't slowing down.
In fact… she was actually faster now than when they first started.

"Stop!" Levi yelled as he clumsily waved his arms to try to get some attention, and nearly lost his balance because of it. "Don't hit hur! Dont hort her! If she dys wer al- YEYEEEELP!!!!!"

Levi's words of warning were cut off by a whiny bark of pain, as someone in the crowd accidentally stepped on his tail.

They swore, apologized, and ducked away before they could get into any trouble for the incident.
But Levi didn't see where they went.

Levi had swiftly closed good eyes immediately after his initial reaction to the pain.
And the reason for that was simple.

He needed it to be ambiguous as to whether or not he was shedding sparks of electricity.
Because there were at least one or more people whom he had grabbed onto out of reflux to stop himself from falling. 

And he did not trust himself to be able to calm down, if he knew that he was surging with countless volts of electricity while holding onto someone.

If he closed his eyes then he could tell himself that he wasn't surging at all, and just keep telling himself that until it was true.
Maybe it was true already, but he wasn't about to even try to confirm that, unless he was one hundred percent sure that it was.

Levi waited in the self imposed dark.
Shoulders raised defensively, with his tail curled around his leg.
People were talking all around him, but he pushed it to the side of his mind and instead focused on his habitual clicking.

While trying to avoid thinking, he realized that he was vaguely aware of his surroundings in a way that was awfully familiar.
Turned out that his echo locational powers actually still worked on land.
They were just weaker.

Like… drastically weaker.

Right now Levi could sense the presence of shapes within three to four feet of him.
And even then, only vaguely.
Whereas in the water he could practically still see with his eyes closed.

Still, it was pretty nifty.
If a little strange.

…

Levi took one long breath in…
Then one long breath out…

His breath didn't catch or faulter, which was a fairly good sign.
He would have given it an extra few seconds, and maybe repeated his silly mantra a couple of times just to be sure, but the sounds of fighting reminded him that he had more important fires to put out than his own.

Levi opened his eyes and pushed forward again.
He considered holding his tail out of the way of people's feet this time, but it helped him keep his balance.
And that was already a struggle for him as it was.

The crowds got more dense and less willing to move, the closer he got to the edge.
He could feel the literal and metaphorical pull of the crowd trying to tug him back. 
But he could sit by and watch.

Someone had to break up this pointless fight before it got everyone killed.
No one here knew just how much danger they were all in.

Through a great deal of effort Levi managed to break through the line of spectators, and beach his way into the socially constructed fighting arena.

Then he scrambled over to the two fighters and put himself between them, without ever stopping to consider how much of a monumentally stupid idea that was.

"Stop!" He commanded comendibly clearly.

The skipping woman stopped, started, and stopped again twice.
Her stance ever shifting between various unrelated defensive postures.

She wore a rather ineffective mask that had been hastily cut out of black colored paper.
But it was much much too small to hide her confused, and then rapidly alarmed expression.

Levi turned his head just in time to see why he shouldn't have taken his eyes off of the real source of the conflict here.

Chris looked like some kinda sadomasochistic monstrosity.
Her jaw was unhinged and bloodied, her sharp teeth were multiplying in number while floating menacingly outside of the confines of her actual mouth, spines of glass were sprouting from her battered shoulders, and her cloudy dead looking eyes were shot with blood. 

She was twitching as she staggered around the arena.
As she did, her stance was deepening further and further down into a hunched predatory prowl.
But despite this her height remained constant somehow.

Chris seemed to rapidly grow more emaciated as her flesh was stretched out to cover her slowly elongating limbs.
Pretty soon it would start to crack and peel off entirely if she didn't calm down fast.

Before he knew it Levi somehow found himself staring down a creature of nightmares.
A familiar face twisted by all consuming rage and snarling with the uncomplicated intent to inflict indiscriminate harm.

Levi looked at the monster, the lost cause, the…
The scared little girl who he couldn't save.

And he cried for her.
Though he was incapable of tears.

"I'm sorry…"
He choked, as a victim charged him with her claws and teeth.


======================================================================== =====================================

tiger dog gecko



Michle yellow hat 


ITL. initial testing laboratories
FBT. Fully body transformation. 
PBT. Partial body transformation.
NVT. No visible transformation.

Margaret Athan: Levi's wife, islander, long smooth black hair. Calls Levi Vi sometimes

Levi Athan: main character
Ben Callbatch: short, red hair, younger, talks in [you to ya, ing words to in' words], freckles.
Gerald Hothorn big, white, bald, lots of muscles, simple straightforward way of speaking.
Lance Zakata, tall black shaves his head. A bit cold, heavily superstitious. 
Shay Johnson: new to this all girl with blond hair. 
Fredrick Notchworth, half Asian islander who hates jumpers and all magic stuff.
Ryan R. Weatherfall, fast talking man sister got wipe damage bad at lying. 

Benjamin ???: yellow hat, casual acquaintance of Levi's, not the main guy that he knows.
Akira Thao: Asian chef. 
Dr. Trebusha: Teal Scrub, balding man, people like him.

Sanchez ???/Braininator:
Frank Ricci /Scattershot: Italian
Eddy Choffski/Marrow Bane.
Chris Brine/Deathrattle

Magics: Tenner, Twelver, Seventh, Thirteenth.
Ehva island.

Names for reuse
Evergreen


=======================================================================


Levi Athan [Leviathan]

Rachel Hillworthy [Conscience]

Calvin Peterson. [Canvas]

Gina Evergreen. [Bloodletter]

Ben

Lance

Riley Athan

Margaret Athan

Ryan Weatherfall

Dr. Trebusha

Chris Evergreen [Deathrattle]

Jeff Henderson

Pain… It hummed through his body like the blood ringing in his ears.
Levi couldn't see, and he was barely regaining control of his body.

Someone was shouting… A great many people actually.
Followed by an unearthly grinding sound, bellowing like the howl of some titanic creature.

Levi tried to blink the blood out of his eyes as he sat up.

How long had he been out?

Deep cuts were trenched into his body, pouring red blood onto the floor at an alarming rate.
One of the claw marks raked across his chest was particularly deep.
He stared at it for longer than he should have, as he was confused by a dark shape nestled amid the red.

Precious seconds slipped by as his agonized brain tried to make sense of what he was looking at.

And then he remembered that his bones were black now.

That alone told him it had only lost a few moments after the initial clash.
If he had just sat there bleeding like that for much longer than a few minutes, then he would be dead already.

People were shouting in alarm as the press of the crowd reversed directions.
It seemed that watching people fight stopped being fun as soon as the threat of harm expanded to include the audience.

And Chris was not being so discerning as to stick to one target.

Levi watched helplessly as Chris swatted down a random member of the crowd who was unfortunate enough to be the closest living thing to her for a moment.

Like a banshee she howled a horrible demonic shriek and started mercilessly assaulting the man with the simple intent to kill.
Clawing at him with her arms, and even biting at him with her unnatural teeth.

Levi looked down at his wounds and came to the conclusion that they would turn lethal if left untreated.
It wasn't just that he was impaled and lacerated down to the bone either.
He was fairly Certain he had at least a mild concussion from the sheer impact of Chris slamming herself bodily against him.

What he needed was bandages, rubber cording, or even something to cauterize his wounds.
Anything he possibly could do to stop the bleeding.

If he had a shirt then this would be the point in time where he started ripping it up into strips to make crude bandages.
But all he had was his shorts.

And even if his waning sense of dignity didn't forbid him from stripping naked in front of a panicked crowd, he still doubted his ability to even take them off in his current state.

What he needed was to get help.
But everyone was focused on saving themselves, or trying to deal with the rapidly escalating rampage of Miss Brine.

"Help…"
Levi wheezed.
Nothing had pierced his lung as far as he could tell, but his whole body was weak and bruised.

He knew he had to scream if he wanted to get anyone's attention.
But it just wasn't in him.

He wanted to rest and catch his strength, but until he found a way to stop the bleeding every second he spent would bring him closer to death.

For the second time today, Levi found himself fighting the need to close his eyes and drift off to sleep.

The sudden crank of gunfire did the trick.
And this time it was not the soft and muffled sounds of war that were constantly getting louder and louder, as distance between him and the actual battle lines drew ever closer.

This was significantly sharper, and much much closer.
Though there was something off about it that Levi didn't quite grasp at first.

There was a light tinging sound that seemed to follow each and every… wait… where was the sound of the impacts?

Levi could very clearly hear the crank of thunder as the bullets were fired with incredible force, then the drowned out wizz of shots cutting a short distance through the air, and finally…

No meaty thud, no crack of concrete, not even the violent shattering of bullets hitting mama glass.

Just the sound of metal hitting the floor.
A light clanking that held as much force behind it as someone dropping spare change onto the ground.

Spent shells perhaps?
But then where were the actual bullets going?

Levi didn't have any time to guess at what was no doubt answered by nonsense made manifest.
He needed medical attention within the next few hours or he would die, and he was definitely going to pass out from blood loss sometime before then.

So if he wanted to save his own life, then he would need to put himself in a position to receive help before or during his imminent collapse.

With this in mind, Levi drew upon an unfortunately familiar source of motivation and strength for him.
Pure fear and adrenaline raced through his blood.

"Help! Help me I'm dying!"
He shouted desperately.
A pained wimpier entered his voice, but for once he didn't care about how inhuman he sounded.

Where was Calvin?
Gina?
Poblo?

…

Anyone?

Levi looked around, trying to find anyone who looked like they could help him.
He knew that he was dangerous to be around.
Especially right now given how frightened he was.

But all of his caution was outweighed by the simple fact that he didn't want to die.
He was selfish in that regard.

There was something he noticed as he stumbled about, trying to hold his blood in by pressing against whatever wounds he could cover.

And that was that there was an increasing number of people with masks in the crowd.
Also, more children and teenagers.

Including a teenage girl with black hair and a gun.
She looked like she must have been around fifteen or sixteen, and she had that shell shocked look of someone thrown so far past the deep end that she was swimming with whales.

She looked at Chris rampaging through anyone brave enough to try to stop her.
Then she looked at Levi, bloodied and injured.
Finally she looked at the corpse on the floor.

Her face was red with trauma, but it was apparent from her blank expression that it wasn't the first corpse she had seen today.
Not even close.

Her finger squeezed the trigger of her gun without even making the slightest attempt to aim it, or even lift the weapon.

Four more loud bangs rang out in quick succession as she blindly fired at the floor beside her feet.

Like most jumpers, she didn't have shoes on.
Just thin slippers that were more like socks.
But she wasn't at all afraid of accidentally hitting herself.
And it took Levi a second to catch why that was.

Four bullets lay on the ground beside her.
They were completely undamaged, despite being stripped naked of their casings and spent.
And what's more, the ground into which they were fired was completely unblemished.

No holes, no cracks, no dents, not even a scratch anywhere to be seen.

Levi watched with an open mouth as the girl clumsily reloaded the weapon.
And then once again she emptied the entire clip into the ground.

The bang of gunpowder made Levi's weird floppy ears twitch.
But he didn't flinch.
This time he watched closely.

And saw the casings of the bullets hit the floor harder than the bullets themselves.

Oh they still moved faster than Levi's eyes could track them, and he could both see and feel the kick of the weapon as they were fired.

But then the bullets hit the ground and they just… stopped…
They didn't even bounce!

It was as if someone dropped the bullets two inches onto a carpet, rather than firing them into solid concrete!

Chris continued to fight on, as more and more people joined the effort to bring her down.

A man who randomly had a real ass goddamn sword tried to hold her off.
But he soon found out that swords were terrible defensive tools against opponents who didn't care about their well being.

Chris sprinted past the man's guard, by just pressing herself against the blade meant to deter her.
The sword cut into her and impaled her deeply, more from her own power than from his.

The man screamed in surprise and fear as the blade cut free to the other side of her body, and all that residence holding her back just vanished.

A sickening crunch silenced the man's scream.
Followed by a deep bellowing roar.

Chris looked bigger, but also gaunt and thin.
Her face was almost completely torn free from her head, and her skull had warped and deformed.
Elongating to be more akin to the jaws of a predatory beast.

Her brain was visible, though not exactly exposed, as it was held within her cracked transparent skull.

Someone in the crowd saw this, and shouted their best guess.
"Aim for the brain!"

"No! Don't-"
Levi barked, but his voice was just one of many.

"I can help, I can help, it's just…"

"NOT AGAIN!"

"...anyone have an onion or some pepper spray or…"

"I know this is going to sound weird but…"

"Man down, MAN DOWN!"

"Clarissa? Clarissa!"

"So is this really happening or…"

"We need to go, now."

"Seriously! My tears can help. I just need…"

Everyone was shouting, and running around.
Trying to help or escape from harm's way.

Or rather… Almost everyone.

Levi watched as the girl with the gun pointed at the floor slowly raised up her empty left hand.

She seemed to place it onto something in the air.
Like an invisible pillar, just beside her.

Her fingers flexed.

And then…

The girl slammed her hand down with a strained battle cry.

Levi watched, they all watched, as Chris Brine's face and upper body were suddenly smashed to the ground by some incredibly powerful invisible force.

It was as if someone had dropped an invisible train on her from a thousand feet up, and the black haired teen had just timed her hand gesture along with it.

You could feel the impact of it travel through the ground.
Hear it ringing in your ears, even though there was nothing there to cause it.

More than half of Chris' body shattered across the ground.
Sending shards of glass flying, and spraying out a cone of pulverized flesh, blood, and bile several meters across the floor.

A horrified gasp ran through the crowd.
Followed by a long pause of stunned silence, which slowly transitioned into uncertain hopeful optimizing, which in turn gave way to jubilant celebrating, congratulations, and elated triumph.

"No…" Levi breathed.
His ears were flat to his head, and he felt light headed.

"Hey? Hello?" A small voice asked for the third time.
Levi turned his head and saw a small child who was somewhere around eight or nine.

She smiled at him with a grin of missing teeth.
Pleased as can be with herself for getting his attention.
"Are you okay?"

"I-"
Levi opened his mouth to speak but a sharp voice cut him off.

"Hey! Get back here! That thing could be dangerous!"

A woman approached apprehensively and pulled the girl back.
She was also wearing a paper mask and was surrounded by children wearing the same.

She seemed to be trying to take care of them, and keep them out of trouble.
Levi could respect that.

Under most circumstances he would be siding with the adult and encouraging them to get as far away from him as possible.

But right now?
Levi was dying.
And he needed them to do the stupid thing and put themselves at risk to help him.
Perhaps it was selfish, and cowardly.

But he really didn't want to die.

The little girl looked up at the woman innocently.
"But he's hurt, we have to help him."

The woman hesitated and looked back at Levi.
The flimsy mask on her face did nothing to hide her conflicted expression.

Levi looked nervously at the shattered remains of Chris before turning back to the women.
"Pleese. They need to lissen to-"

The women did a double take.
"Oh my! You can talk?"
Levi saw the gears click in her mind as she seemed to notice how badly he was bleeding.

She made a quick decision and shouted.
"Masquerade! Over here!"

A group of people looked up from where they were hovering over one of the dead bodies.
They were mostly adults, and they were all wearing those same paper masks.

One woman in particular strode over and took one look at Levi before looking annoyed at the women who called her over.

She had a thick European accent that Levi couldn't place.
"My masks won't work for them. They are unique. The goons will still see a blue dragon and be able to guess at the truth from that. Maybe if I had a trench coat or something I-"

The other woman cut her off.
"No, no Masquerade that's not what I… They need a doctor."

Masquerade looked at her blankly.
"Then why you call me? I am not doctor. Both our healers are helping the front."

"Hey…"
Levi raised his hands weakly.
Trying to get their attention.

But yet again, he was being ignored.

"Well we have to do something! It looks like a bunch of people got hurt fighting another psychopath."

Masquerade looked around at the carnage with no small amount of pity.
But she shook her head.
"Phantom Hammer took care of it. I need to follow Network and get masks to people as they're let out."

Levi urgently pointed at Chris' shattered remains.
"Shis not dead. Shell be up again soon. We have to get ou-"

Masquerade gave him a tight nod, then put her fingers in her mouth and whistled.
She then waved her hands around until she got the attention of the girl with the gun.

"Hey Phantom. Prep another blast and keep an eye on that thing. It might not be all the way dead yet, so keep smacking it down until it stops getting back up."

Phantom Hammer gave her a traumatized nod before wordlessly firing into the ground again.

Levi made a horrified whining sound as he realized that their plan was to kill her over and over again.

Now, that wasn't a bad strategy for most monsters.
But for her?
For Chris Brine?
For Deathrattle?

They were going to get everyone down here killed unless someone stopped them.

Levi was about to speak up when the woman who called masquerade over cut back into the conversation.
"That's not the point. What's important now is helping the injured."

"You can't-"

Masquerade's eyes flashed with annoyance.
"What do I look like? Doctor?"

"We hav to ru-"

The other woman waved back some of the braver kids who were letting their morbid curiosity draw their attention towards the massacre.
Before turning back to Masquerade.
"Well pardon me for thinking that saving people's lives is more important than hiding their identities."

"Wold you pleese just-"

Masquerade glared at her and answered through grit teeth.
"I'm doing what I can. Metric."

Either Metric was the name of the other woman, or that was some kind of odd and obscure insult.
Levi really couldn't tell from the mutual glaring.

"Just give me one of the sheets of paper and some scissors."
Metric sneared cattily.

Levi chanced a glance over at the shattered remains of Chris' body beginning to vibrate and slowly draw themselves inwards towards what was left of her legs.

Was this it?
Was this how he died?
Torn to shreds by a rampaging immortal skeleton, because he couldn't shout over two bickering women?

Frankly he was disgusted with himself.
How could he possibly be such a pushover?

He had a voice like a goddamn sea lion!
He should have no trouble whatsoever shouting over people.
Yet for whatever reason he was unable to get a word in edgewise.

Metric took a page of black colored paper with a suspiciously mask sized rectangle cut out of one corner, and then started quickly cutting it up further into long thin ribbons.

It was really hard to tell if Levi was just going a bit loopy from all the blood loss.
But he could have sworn something was off with what he was seeing.

It was like looking at one of those optical illusions that made it look like a static image was changing and moving.
As if his eyes were gradually zooming in on those strands of paper.

Levi clutched at his head and rubbed at his eyes.
His field of view was already so royally messed up from his eyes being positioned differently than he was used to.
He did not want it to shift again, now that he was just starting to get used to it.
Not unless it was changing back to its original orientation.

He didn't even dare hope for that.
And indeed, when he closed his eyes could feel that his body wasn't changing at all.

In fact, when he opened his eyes everything seemed fine again.

Weirded out, he looked back at Metric and…

Ah…

So that was what was going on.

It really did look like an optical illusion at first.
But then something clicked in his head, and he realized that the strips of paper were slowly and steadily growing in size.

Metric just looked annoyed as she separated one strip out from the rest of the bundle and impatiently shook it like she was trying to mix the fluids of a freshly cracked glow stick.

"You hav to stop her."
Levi pleaded again, now that Masquerade had wandered off on some business of her own.

Metric looked up and glanced in the direction he was looking at.
But she spared only a second glance for the girl firing ineffectual bullets into the ground.

"Don't worry. Phantom Hammer has it under control. She might look like just your average teenager, but she can pack some serious firepower. Especially if she has time to prepare."

Levi had absolutely no doubts about that. 
Just looking at the way the floor underneath Chris's body was cracked and indented told him that much already.

But just because she had it under control now did not mean that the situation wasn't going to spiral out of control.

Levi covered his ears and tried to shout after the gun fire had stopped.
"You don't unders-"

A second weighty crash tore through the air, bringing with it the horrid sound of glass shattering.

Metric grabbed Levi's arm and started wrapping the enlarged paper strip around it like some kind of weird stiff wood-cloth bandage.

She smiled at him reassuringly.
"See I told you she- Hey where are you going?"

Levi broke away from Metric's attempts to save his life, and staggered over towards Phantom Hammer.

At one point he fell to his knees, but he still managed to sort of crawl forward until-

Phantom Hammer saw him coming and cursed.
Her hands were shaking as she pointed the gun at him.
Finally she was using the weapon as it was intended to be used, but her expression told him that doing so was a move of desperation on her part.

"Stay back!"
She demanded, as if she was giving a command to an unfamiliar dog.
Sure there was a chance that the dog might understand the words she was saying, but the main point was to convey a threatening tone.

Levi stopped a few feet from her and put his hands up.
She and him were about at eye level with each other, even though he was on his knees.

He could see that she had been crying, and was probably more terrified than she had ever been in her whole life.
Honestly he felt bad for her, but he had to get her to listen to him.

The two of them maintained direct eye contact for an uncomfortable amount of time.
But then Levi glanced away when he remembered just how freaking creepy his eyes looked.

"Dont attack her."
Levi pleaded desperately.

Everyone looked at the shattered mess of a corpse that was Chris's remains.
By this point almost all of her flesh had been thoroughly shredded, to the point that it was practically unrecognizably as a course.

It was frankly quite hard to see any human features left in the huge pile of broken glass mixed with meat, hide, ruptured organs, and bile.

Even now it was still slowly shifting, moving, and even growing.
But it was only ever the fragments of crystalline bone that moved, everything else slowly sank to the bottom of the pile as it was chewed up by the motion like the inanimate waste that it was.

The glass bones however moved and grew like a living thing, and as they shifted they slowly began to reassemble themselves.

Phantom Hammer saw this too and no doubt saw the danger.
Her body tensed and her fingers twitched to once again invoke whatever black magic trickery she possessed.

"Don't."
Levi moved to limp in front of her, but she instantly snapped back around with her weapon aimed at him.
Just a quick reminder that she didn't trust him either.
 
She gave him a suspicious look, then glanced from him to Metric.
Apparently the two of them knew each other in some regard.

"Who are you? What's going on?"
She asked.

Levi didn't answer the question, and instead used this time and attention to point at Chris and say "Don't hit her."

Phantom Hammer barred her teeth in indignation.
"Dude. She was killing people. I don't know who she is to you, but if I don't hit her then other people die."

Levi lifted his hands a bit higher in an explanatory manner.
"She gets stonger the more shi is hert. And she wont evar die. You cant fihte her or we all die."

He pointed at the corpse that was reforming into a new, larger, more animalistic shape.
With digitigrade legs that bent like Levi's, long clawed arms that could scratch the ground without her needing to bend over, and a toothy skull with empty eye sockets that looked like it belonged to some kind of prehistoric dinosaur shark.

Only scraps of her clothes, flesh, and skin still clung to her by this point, as it was only her bones that were constantly regenerating and reforming.

She seemed stunned and dazed for now, but everyone knew that would only last so long.
So Levi tried to talk quickly.
"Shell keep geting up, fastr and stronger. Untel we can't put her down amnymore."

The teenager grit her teeth.
"Well what else are we supposed to do then? Tie her up?"

Levi breathed a short lived sigh of relief, since he was very worried that she wouldn't be able to understand him.
Especially since he was rushing out his words and making a lot of mistakes.

"No, its faa too late far thatt now."
He confessed.

Metric nodded her head.
"Alright. So if we can't fight her, and we can't trap her, then what can we do?"

Levi gave her a blank look.
"Run."

Metric and Phantom Hammer exchanged glances before it finally clicked with them what they were dealing with.

Not so much an enemy, but a ticking time bomb that had already been set off.

Metric looked at the kids who were still keeping close to her.
Many of them were still closing their eyes like she told them to.
And the ones who hadn't listened to her now wished they had.

She cursed loudly before she caught herself and started rounding people up.
Talking in a cheerful but shaking voice meant to reassure the children.
They all knew she was faking it off course, but they took comfort in the attempt nonetheless.

"F### that." Hammer scoffed angrily. "If we run then that thing will just run down. It's an open hallway for Christ's sake. Don't we have any other options here?"

Levi nodded to her.
"Can plaey daed. But if we do theyn somone's gotta get hir attenttion and lead her awey."

Since she would undoubtedly start attacking anything and everything around her when she ran out of targets.
Including bodies and inanimate objects.

Levi omitted that last part since he was pressed for time.
So they would have to inferre the reason for themselves.

"How fast is she?"
Phantom Hammer asked urgently, as Metric cupped her hands and started shouting for everybody to start running.

For an answer Levi just shook his head glumly.

He could have told her that Chris was normally no faster than your average human.
That she got faster and more persistent the more she grew with the damage done to her.
And that it didn't matter in this case since they would eventually get blocked off by the stairs up and the blue vests trying to recapture all of them.

But what he actually said was,
"I'll do it, ill leed her away."

Chris was already standing up.
Her skeletal frame reformed enough for her to start looking around to regain her bearings.
Any second now she would remember her hatred and anger.

But still, Metric found the time to turn back and give Levi a furious look.
"Oh no you don't! You can hardly stand, let alone run. Don't throw yo-"

Her breath caught and her words left her as she looked past Levi.

And with a sigh of defeat, he just closed his eyes.

…

He did not need to look behind him.
He knew that they were too late.

An ear piercing roar exploded out from the space behind him.
Like the blood curdling shriek of glass dragging against glass, only a hundred times louder.

So this was how he died?
Well… At least it was better than whatever was down that pit.

He wondered if he could distract her long enough for the others to get away.
Would his legs even hold out that-

"I'll do it!"
A young male voice pipped up randomly.

"Aiden no!"
Several voices chorus, but it was too late!

A short kid with greasy black hair zoomed past
Levi with all the enthusiasm of youth.
He couldn't have been more than… what? Thirteen?

Levi spun to watch helplessly as the boy got brutally murdered.
But as he did his image of the world seemed to blur together.
Like someone had dragged their hand against the wet paint of a freshly painted photo realistic portrait.

One of his eyes refused to open and he felt extremely light headed and cold.
It turned out that he didn't have all that much time left before he bled out after all…

His vision cleared enough to barely make out Chris pouncing like a lion made of nightmares, glass, and hatred.
A wild look in her empty eye sockets as her claws swooped down towards the brave young fool who…

Levi thought he was passing out again as his vision was overtaken by blotches of white.
But then his brain registered the accompanying popping sound, a few seconds after he actually heard it.

A whoosh of air like a large but weak firecracker.
Immediately followed up by the sound of wickedly sharp claws nearly shattering against the floor and a roar of frustration.

Glittering white grey smoke filled the air and quickly swallowed up Death Rattle in a haze of obscurity that Levi had first mistaken for his vision turning faulty.

Then he heard the boy scream, but it was a scream of fear, and not pain.
And what's more, it wasn't cut off by the sound of a body being crushed.

That was probably a good sign all things considered.
So Levi decided to be optimistic and assume the boy made it.

What came next was… Honestly a bit of a blur.

The dense grey fog continued to expand.
It was thinning rapidly with each passing second, but it still made Levi immediately want to cough and sneeze when it wafted into his face.

He didn't know why he expected anything different, considering the fact that it looked like it was loaded with the kind of cheap silver glitter that one would expect to find in a dollar store.
But he honestly expected it to either be deadly poisonous, or completely harmless.

Sure there was still a chance it was going to poison him.
But for now he was leaning towards it being a mild irritant and nothing more. 

As Levi's throat clenched tight and he resisted the urge to cough on the dusty air, he heard someone shouting.

Someone took some steps somewhere.
It could have been him.
His head rang as everything seemed to be moving too fast and also too slow.

As the world twisted back and forth on its axis Levi heard a voice that sounded like a female version of the kid who took his job as a sacrificial decoy.

It took him far too long to realize that what he was looking at was not an imagery hallucination caused by blood loss.
But was actually Aiden's rather distraught twin sister.

Metric actually had to grab ahold of this little girl to keep her from running to her doom, and even had to hold a hand over her mouth to get her to stop screaming.

"Hush… If she comes back because she hears you then everything your brother did for us will be for nothing."
Is about what Levi assumed she said.
Because he was struggling to retain any kind of details by this point.

Levi looked down at his arms.
He had one inch of printer paper bandage clumsily tied around it like a memorial ribbon.

And he was covered in silver glitter.
He whimpered slightly as he realized that he was never going to get that out from between his scales.

Maybe if he got a toothbrush and just worked at it for long enough then…
He could…
What was he doing again?

Levi felt so cold.
It was hard to focus.

He looked at the ceiling and realized he was on his back.
When did that happen?
He didn't remember falling.
Not since the last time anyway.

He tried to ask for help, but couldn't do more than breathe in a strange whistley way.
Did someone hear that pitiful sound?
He couldn't tell.

Levi couldn't understand what was being said as he lost consciousness for about five seconds.

His breaths were shallow, his movements were sluggish, his head felt like it weighed nothing at all, and his heart was pounding away as fast as it could despite how calm he was.

He was half aware that he was slipping in and out of consciousness.
But something about it felt less… terrifying than it had earlier this morning.

Losing consciousness then was like something was holding his head under water while he thrashed and struggled.

He had seen the smiling face of his capture as she dragged him towards death, and forced him face into that abyss where not even darkness existed.

This was different.

His head was still underwater.
He was still drowning.

But there was no malice to it.
No smiling face, and no intent of any kind.

Just a cold, unfeeling dark.

The abyss was still there of course.
Death was still waiting for him, he was sure.
But this time it was quiet.
Patiently waiting just outside of his understanding.

It's fathomlessness did not need to be understood, or even thought about, and that made it more bearable.

If he wanted to he could just close his eyes and let himself slip away without a fuss.
Without even thinking about it.

And thinking was so hard for him right now.
It would be so easy.

His heart was skipping around frantically.
And yet he was so calm.
We're his eyes even open?
Had he stopped breathing?

Levi wondered if this was how he died.
He didn't think he would be all that upset if it was.

He had done his part, served his purpose.
Tried his best to be a good person despite it all, and helped where he could in his final moments.

Honestly, it wasn't like he had much of a future left anyway.
According to the world he was dead already.
There wouldn't even be a need for a funeral since he already had one.

Levi closed his eyes.
He couldn't see anyway.
In a way, he was glad it was going to end like this.
Bleeding out from lacerations wasn't exactly a pretty death, but it was blessedly mundane.

Plenty of people died like this, and many more would in the future.
Whatever fate they met, he would face too, and there was some comfort in that.

There were few things that Levi feared more than a unique death.
Because when magic got involved, there was no end to the horrors one could imagine.

He would have shuddered if he wasn't num all over.

Just what was down that hole?
What had he avoided?
Was it just death?
Or was it something… more…

He was feeling anxious and cold.
His racing heart beat was slowly growing weaker.
His tail had stopped moving long ago, not that he could feel it or anything else for that matter.

Then Levi felt his heart finally stop all together.
For an indescribably tense moment he wondered how long it would- 

…

..

.






















And then he died.





Her name was Minah Tasso, and she was barely nineteen when her parents decided to send her to summer camp.

She thought it was an egregious waste of money for them.
But her parents had insisted.

They had finally, as a family, clawed their way out of crippling poverty.
And they were insecure about the quality of life their daughter had growing up.
So they wanted to give her something nice to remember fondly.

So then…

How had it come to this?

"When is he coming back? Metric? When is he coming back! Tell me she didn't squish him!"

Minah started as the young girl clutched at her leg, sobbing for her twin brother.
There was something… off about the way the lights flickered around her.

She thought she was imagining it at first, but now she was certain.
The girl had a superpower that…

Turned up the contest on life?
Made shadows darker, and lights brighter?

Minah stopped guessing.
This could just be a visual effect, and frankly it didn't matter right now.

If she had stopped to freak out and hesitate over every little kid with a freaky aura that she encountered, then she wouldn't have gotten nearly as far as she did.

Was it dangerous?

Yes.

But did that stop her from pulling the girl into a tight hug, and doing her damnedest to comfort her?

…

Honestly she hadn't even considered it.

"That big scary rock can't squish any- er- can't hurt him. He's much too fast, and he can disappear if she gets close. So don't worry… he's going to be fine."

She took a second out to pat the girl on the head, but she sadly didn't have any more time to spare.
Or rather… he didn't have any more time.

Minah looked at the motionless lump of blue with clear concern.
And… hesitation.

When he fell, the world had turned to thunder and lightning the likes of which she had never seen.
It was like his body had been swallowed up by a solid pillar of hot blue electricity, as lightning struck him so many times in a row that the flash had become a solid object.

Then it had all, so abruptly, winked out.

She counted in her head.

One…

Two…

Nothing happened for two full seconds.
No motion, no sparks, not even smoke.

She could have waited longer.
She could have counted to three or four…

But at the same time… she could have counted forever.

Two seconds had to be enough.
If lightning struck her, then it struck her.
She'd deal with it when it happened.

The air around the strange lizard man was noticeably warmer than normal.
It was like she had just stepped through the threshold of a heated building.

Not only that, but it also reeked of ozone.
It hurt her lungs to breathe the painfully crisp air.
And it felt… for lack of a better description… oddly damaged.

If she had paid enough attention she would have noticed how the floor was several shades darker around him than the surrounding area.

But even if she had noticed, it still wouldn't have slowed her footsteps.

Because…
He wasn't moving.

"Everyone just stay where you are. I'll be right back."
Minah instructed the children without looking at them.

If only that damn woman who gave her the mask hadn't run off.
Then she could have kept an eye on the kids while she was tending to the wounded.

Masquerade…

She didn't know who they were, why she told her not to tell anyone her real name, or what the masks even did.
But at this point she was willing to accept any help, regardless of how superstitious, cryptic, or esoteric it was.

Minah held a stack of paper in her hand and continued to gently pull on the corners as she knelt beside the lizard man.

Had he told her his name?
If he had she hadn't caught it.

The paper stretched between her fingers in a way that was distinctively unlike stretching rubber.
Instead it grew evenly, without any kind of observable motion.

It was like constantly and repeatedly realizing that you've misjudged the size of something.
The whole process had a way of messing with your perception of space if you looked at it too hard.
Which is why Minah rarely paid much attention to her own work.

Though she was somewhat limited in the fact that she only had one piece of paper to work with.
Sure she technically didn't have an upper limit to how big she could grow something, as far as she was aware.
But most things behaved differently when they were this close up.

Minah separated out one strip so that she could focus on it and speed up the process.
Already it was starting to change in texture.
Becoming less and less like paper as she knew it, and more and more like a tangle of interwoven fibers.

Or like a stiff, somewhat brittle, cloth.

Minah stopped once she got the strip to a few feet in length.
The black coloration had separated out into a gritty looking lattice of red, green, and blue ink stains, painted geometrically atop a base of almost complete obscured white.

If she pushed it much further then it was going to stop being cloth-like and instead adopt the texture and appearance of a mat of hair, or even a wicker basket.

It was also going to get more and more fragile.
Already it wanted to blow away, just from the slightest breeze of her breathing.
This was because her power didn't actually affect the weight of objects, just the volume.

So now she had what was essentially a three foot strip of sackcloth that weighed less than a tenth of a piece of paper.
It was so light in fact that she could toss it into the air and get it to float around like a soap bubble.

Minah didn't have any first aid training.
So she was partly guessing what to do as she started wrapping the cloth tightly around the open wounds on her patient's arms.

Inherently the stiff ribbon lost some of its floaty quality as the blood soaking into it quickly weighed it down.

She had been worried that the paper wouldn't be absorbent enough.
But thankfully it seemed as if all that extra volume had drastically altered how easily liquids soaked in-between the fibber.

She wondered if she was supposed to tie it tight enough to cut off blood circulation.
That seemed like something she could have heard in a movie once.

However… even if that was what you were supposed to do.
She wasn't sure if the bandage would survive that kind of stress, so she only gave it a little bit of tension as sage wrapped it around him.

It was only a twelfth of a piece of paper after all, and barely stronger than it would have been normally.
Frankly she was surprised that it wasn't instantly turning to mush and losing all of its shape the moment it got wet.

She could never tell how changing the size of something would affect its properties.
But it seemed to be working out in her favor this time.

Minah worked as quickly as she could, then started growing the next strip of paper cloth.
It was at this point that she realized this was a two person job.

She surveyed the crowd for a second and made a split second decision.

"You!" she pointed at a guy in the crowd "Help me with this."

The man raised his hands defensively.
"Hell no! I'm not getting anywhere near that thing. Didn't you see what that thing does? It freaking explodes!"

Minah looked down at Levi, then back up at the man with a look of annoyed confusion.
"Yeah? Well he's not exploding right now. And if we don't do anything he's never going to anything ever again. So are you with me?"

The man shook his head dismissively.
"The answer's still no. Sorry."

Minah didn't watch him walk away.
She couldn't really blame him for his decision, but she did anyway.
Just to be petty.

But she didn't waste too much time on him.
"What about you?" 

The next person she asked was someone with a pink paper mask.
They had a bewildered, nonplussed look on their face.

If Minah had to guess she would assume that Masquerade had just given it to him as she was passing through.
If that was the case then he probably got even less of an explanation than she did.

"I, um…"
Before he had a chance to decline someone else stepped up.

"I can help!"

Minah would have been grateful if it hadn't been such a very young voice.
She turned around to see one of the kids she had picked up walking over.

He must have been either eight or nine and was a bit on the pudgy side.
Which one was he again?
He told her his name when she first took responsibility for him, she was almost sure of that.

And yet she didn't recognize him.

It had something to do with the mask he wore, she was sure of it.
It did almost nothing to hide or obscure his face, and she had a very clear understanding of what his face looked like.

And yet…

Minah shook her head.
It didn't matter who he was.
What mattered was that he was too young for this.

"No. Stay back with the others, it's too dangerous."
She instructed firmly.

The second bandage was large enough, and she started wrapping it around him.
She tried to keep the paper growing as she worked, but she struggled to do both at once.

It had only been a few weeks or longer since Minah had developed this power.
At first it was so strong that she used it constantly.
It just happened without her having to think about it, even if she didn't want to use it.

It was like trying to breathe normally after being instructed to do so, or trying to control a dream, trying to force yourself not to feel sad after a loved one died, trying to remember not to fall into old habits…

It had burned in her head like an unanswered question, and haunted her every waking moment like the threat of the unknown.

At least… at first.

Then she quickly found a way to define it in her head.
A box to place it in.
A way to pack it up and make it fit.

It was less unknown then.
She could control it.
But that control and understanding came at the cost of power and ability.

She felt so stifled now.
As if some brash reckless freedom had matured into rules and realistic predictability.

Still, it was a fair trade.
One she would gladly pick again, though she never really chose anything in the first place.

Minah laid her head down on top of the lizard man to listen for a heartbeat, but she didn't hear anything.

That didn't mean there wasn't one though, since it was really hard for her to concentrate on anything other than growing the bandages.
If she spared too much focus on anything else then the process would slow.

Which is why she really needed-
"Someone else please come and tie these for me? I need to help!"

"I can do it!"
The boy insisted eagerly.

Minah grimaced, remembering the very real risk of the lightning starting up again.
She was willing to bet her own life on it staying dormant.

But could she also risk his?

She looked one last time to the older people.
Most of whom had already started making their way deeper in.
Towards the direction that the kid liberator had gone.

Same could tell from the flow of the crowd that he had passed them already.
The hallway was wide enough that you could miss something like that.
Though the fact that some of the cell doors were open now was a much harder thing to miss.

"Anyone?"
She asked what passerbys she could, but they had fallen to the back of the line.
Mostly because of that demon who looked like rock candy covered in blood.

She looked back at the cold who offered to help her.
He seemed shaken, but maybe a little bit too young to fully understand what was happening.

She winced with hesitation, but eventually let out a relenting sigh.
"What's your power?"

Maybe she was disregarding the kids too quickly.
Maybe he had healing powers or somethi-

"I can slide around like the floor is all soapy."
He answered earnestly.

"Hmmm!"
Minah pressed her lips together as she desperately looked around for someone else.
She already had two more bandages ready, but without someone to apply them they were just sitting there while she focused on growing more.

She needed to find someone else.
Someone older, who could be trusted to properly tie the bandages without breaking them.
She felt like she should be able to grab someone, but she was admittedly rather distracted at the moment.

If she could focus on other things while using her power then she wouldn't be in this predicament.

That's when a familiar voice broke in.
"I can do it. Probably."

The black haired teenager known as Phantom Hammer stepped forward.
She had her own paper mask and a gun that was probably out of bullets by now.
 P
Just like Minah she was far too young to be dealing with any of this.
Yet they both knew they'd just have to suffer through it and hope that they'd live long enough to deal with the trauma of it later.

Minah gave her a serious look and nodded.
"Okay. Do you know first aid?"
A hopeful note entered her voice near the end.

But PH just shook her head as she approached wearily.
"No I don't, sorry."

"It's okay." Minah sighed. "Neither do I."

She scooped up the extremely floaty bandages that were ready, and held them out to the girl.
By this point she had three of them.
"Here. Wrap him in these and try to stop the bleeding. I think you need to get them tight or something? But be careful not to snap them. They're only paper, so they're pretty delicate. I think."

Phantom Hammer nodded and took them.

Minah breathed a sigh of relief.
She was already sweating from the nerves and the amount of multi tasking she was doing.
Now that she had someone else to do the tieing she could finally devote all of her attention to preparing more bandages.

But first.

"Hey everyone. We're going to help this guy, but it's pretty dangerous. Stay back, around where Melanie is, and stick together. If you need me just yell okay?"

The kids nodded fearfully.
Not all of them knew who Melanie was, but the ones who did were able to guide them as to where they were supposed to stand.

Somewhat reassured, Minah went back to her task.

"You better not die on me."
She grumbled to the corpse.

And that is when the gunshots started.
Fredrick Notchworth was in hell.
The jumpers had escaped.
And not just a couple of them either.
Entire levels of the facility had been compromised, and we're now under the control of those freaks!

He told them this was going to happen.
He warned them that the jumpers were more of a risk than anyone thought. 
But no one ever listened to him.
They all thought that they could be saved.
They looked at the best among them and came to the conclusion that they should sort through the vile muck to find what little good could be saved.

Of all the blue vests, only Frederick was willing to accept the truth.
And the truth was that they were gone.

Whatever it was they did to them…
Whatever power strange matter held…
It came with a terrible price.
This demonic, hellish, supernatural power was bound to corrupt all that it touched.

People liked to think that some of the victims survived.
That not everyone touched by that evil had been consumed by it, and turned into a monster.

But Frederick knew that wasn't true.

The mad silver was evil in its purest form.
And it… did something to those it touched.
For some it was obvious, undeniable.

You could feel it in the air around them.
That cold, empty, hollow feeling as their eyes peered at something in you that science couldn't see.

It could not be quantified, or written down in some white coat's notes.
But you knew… you just knew instinctively… without the need for words or reason.
Something would tingle in the back of your mind.

A warning, bleeding through from the wild, primal, animalistic side of the human soul.
Clear as day to anyone who didn't wholly dismiss their gut feelings in favor of pure objectivism.

It told you that you were in the presence of something that did not belong.

Not a person, but a demon wearing a human face.
Sometimes not even that, as the ones who didn't feel the need to hide their nature often changed their body to better suit them.

Monsters, both outside and in.

But the demons with spikes and teeth and wriggling tendrils weren't the ones that frightened him the most.
Oh no…

What gave him nightmares were the ones who stayed quiet.
The ones who played the part and flawlessly impersonated the people they replaced.

They wore human faces like a mask, imitated human emotions with flawless understanding, and portrayed their character so well that not even their own families could tell them apart.

The only reason why Fredrick could tell that something was wrong with them at all was because he had perspective.

He had seen the full range.
From blatant aberration to flawless recreation.
But also the ones that lay between.
The ones who imitated their predecessors well enough, yet still could not hide the cracks or escape the uncanny valley.

Too fake to be human, too real to be anything else.
They were the unknowable things that crawled up from beyond the veil, and slipped in through the cracks.

When humanity foolishly tried to cast its hooks into the beyond to pull souls back from oblivion.
It was these dark things that grabbed for the lines.

Perhaps it was possible that some true souls returned to their bodies, or better yet, that they never really died in the first place.
But Frederick was not so optimistic.

A momentary stopping of the heart was a common reaction to the infusion.
And those who never technically lost consciousness could still have been possessed.

Or perhaps they died in a more subtle way.
Perhaps slowly, over the course of a week.
Either way, he was almost certain that nearly every orange jumper in Redgate had been replaced.

It didn't matter now anyway.
The white coats had toyed with hell and demons for decades, and now their play things were breaking free.
Honestly it was a miracle that this hadn't happened on this scale before.

Fredrick gripped his MPF so tightly that he heard the handle creaking.
Then he squeezed the trigger and two more demons wearing human flesh were sent back to hell or wherever they came from.

Fredrick heard a disapproving voice ask.
"Was that really necessary? We're supposed to subdue them non lethally when possible."

He turned around and glared at the speaker.
Ryan Weatherfall shifted at the expression but held his gaze.
 
Fredrick sneered.
"F### that! If they want to take them alive then they can damn well come out here and track them down themselves! I'm not going to take any chances when I can't be certain of what they're capable of."

Mr. Weatherfall walked up and pointed his gun at one of the freshly made corpses.
"This guy has the power to scramble text. He couldn't even erase or create it; Just scrabble letters on things. He wasn't a threat to you."

Fredrick spat on the ground.
His gums were still bleeding from an earlier encounter, but that wasn't the only reason for it.

"And the girl?"
He asked with a sharp look.

Weatherfall hesitated as he looked at the back of her head.
The fact that he didn't answer immediately was painfully obvious to both of them.
"I don't actually know her. She's not on my route, but you can't just-!"

He wasn't the sort to ever know when to shut up, so Frederick just cut in with a voice of snappish authority.
"I can and I will. The coats might want these freaks back in their cages, but I for one am not going to risk my life for their whims while a safer option is available to me. If the white coats decide to make live capture mandatory then I'll comply. But until then I'm treating this like the war it is. Got it?"

"But what about-"

Fredrick raised his weapon as if to slap him across the face with the handle, and gave the man a threatening look.

To his credit Weatherfall didn't argue for once, and actually took the threat.
Even though his expression was more one of disapproval than fear.

"Just try to stick closer to the squad. We're stretched thin as it is without your breaking ranks and running off."

Fredrick shrugged with a dry grin.
"No promises. And besides, I can't exactly break ranks when our ranks are scattered all over the damn place."

Mr. Weatherfall scoffed and turned his back on him.
"Suit yourself. I'm going back to regroup with the others. If you want to run ahead on your own and get yourself killed then be my guest."

Fredrick set himself as his backup retreated.
He didn't appreciate the company, but that didn't change the fact that being alone was a dangerous thing in a situation like this.

He looked down at the two he killed.
Their bright orange jumpers were stained with blood, the dark red being the only thing to contrast the jumpers aside from the black printed serial code number over the right pocket.

It was a somewhat pointless addition because almost no one could identify a jumper by that number.
Unless they were already caught and you had time to search through the database.

But Frederick didn't need to read the numbers.
He already knew who they were.

Projects Anagram and Led Weight.

He may have been slightly dishonest with weatherfall, even though he never directly lied to him.

The truth was, he knew who they were.
He knew what they did.
He knew they in particular weren't a threat to him.

But he shot them anyway because it was the right thing to do and he might never get another opportunity.

That was why he was pushed in so far past their defensive lines.
To kill as many as he could before he ran out of ammo.

It was a gamble, and a risky one at that.
But he might never get another chance to cull the evil that haunted his nightmares.

So he pushed on.
Deeper and deeper down the hallway.
He walked at a brisk pace and kept his eyes peeled for danger.

In the far distance he could hear a shrinking wail.
A tortured sound that seemed very far away, as well as something else.
The bang of gunfire.

It seemed that one of the vests had stolen an MPF.
Either that or one of their troops was stranded even farther than him.

Had those monsters taken prisoners when they retreated?
The fight had been pure unadulterated chaos and pandemonium, so it didn't seem unlikely.

The floor was red and splashed as he walked across it.
Bodies were strewn about in patches.

Not just the two he killed, but other victims of both sides.
Still… the corpses were significantly thinner here than a few yards back where the actual clash has happened.

The bodies he was seeing were mostly just the ones who died on the way back during their retreat.
Or injured who are dragged away, only to die anyway and be abandoned.

Fredrick picked up his pace.
He had to surprise them before they could regroup.
The only reason the others were being so damn passive was because they didn't actually want to fight.

They thought they were killing humans.
Even the vests who knew how dangerous the jumpers were hesitated because of that.

Fredrick knew better.
He did not flinch or falter when he saw a body move.

BANG BANG BANG!

Three quick shots ensured that the jumper was properly dead this time.

A mercy kill?
No… just a necessary one.
In truth he was planning on indiscriminately killing any jumper he encountered.

It wasn't long before he started encountering his first stragglers.
Jumpers who thought they were clear of the fighting, or had stayed behind to look over the dead.

They turned and saw him with looks of baffled confusion and fear.
If he had been an army or a squad then maybe they would have reacted quicker.

But just one man?

They might have thought he was here to negotiate or talk.
And they died in that crucial second while they considered it.

Was it amoral?
Was it wrong?

Perhaps…
But at this point he didn't care.
He would drag every last one back down to hell with him if given half a chance.

The adrenaline pumped through his veins as six more fell.
The battle rage singing in his ear of vengeance and glory!

Let it all burn.
Let the evil die here.
Let the world be cleansed off this ugly stain.

Fredrick realized there were tears running down his face as he ran out of breath and his warcry ended.

Tears… tears and hysterical laughter.
Yes… YES! 
Let it be over finally!
One way or another!

The chamber went click as he reloaded in three swift practiced motions.
His eyes far too wide as he watched them try to take the initiative and move in on him.

Yes this was it.
The war wasn't over yet.

Finally the actual fighters were headed towards him.

A man with what looked like wooden claws floating in front of his fists was trying to surge forward and impale him before he could finish reloading.

At the same time a woman tried to flank him.
Not trying to attack in the traditional sense, she clearly was just trying to touch him.
No doubt to activate some power.

Whatever it was, it didn't matter.
He wouldn't let either of them get close enough to touch him.

Fredrick went for the woman first.
The claws had a much longer reach and would catch him first, but he had no clue what her touch did.
So she was his higher priority.

It was clear from the way that she moved, she wasn't a soldier.
She never practiced martial arts, and probably had never been in a proper fight in her life.

She never stood a chance of getting close to him.
He saw it in her eyes the very moment when she realized this.
Right before the bullet pierced between her eyes.

The man by contrast moved better.
He lacked the same kind of hesitation that she did, but he was still amateurish.

He at least had the raw aggression to make up for his lack of training.
And more than that he had reach.

Frederick spun on his heels and flowered through with a motion that he had already decided upon from the start.
Effortlessly slaying the man before he got within six feet of him.

Yet that was still close enough for the claws to scrap against his cheek.
The splintery wood scratching the skin, but not digging deep enough to draw blood.

The claws remained fixed in the air for what felt like an eternity even after their welder died.
They twitched flickered in and out of existence.
As if reality itself wasn't sure if it should include them or not.

One of the six vanished forever.
But the other five suddenly became fully solid and fell to the ground with a wooden clatter.
It was as if the laws of physics had abruptly remembered to apply to them.

Fredrick stepped back and scrubbed at his face.
He could only hope that the weapon wasn't cursed, or poisoned.

No time to consider it.
If either one of them had a long ranged attack, or if there had been a third opponent, then that situation would have ended very badly for him.

He was already so deep into enemy territory as it was.
The only thing protecting him from being swarmed was the fact that they were so disorganized.

Less than half of them were even fighting him.
They just tried to flee in a panic at the first sight of someone wearing blue.

If they had been trained or were given any opportunity to regroup and form some kind of command structure then there would be no way in hell that he would be able to do as much damage as he was.

Fredrick spared just one second to touch his cheek and evaluate whether he should retreat or not.

Then he raised his MPF and gunned down as many fleeing people as he could.
Prioritizing the ones who turned around and looked at if they might try to fight.

If he started passing out or turning into a tree then he would know for certain that he made the wrong choice.
But until then he was dead set on doing as much damage as he could before the enemy could regroup.

One, two, three, miss, four, miss, out.
Fredrick set to reloading his weapon before the bodies hit the floor.
He was no Lance Zakata, but he was still one of the more skilled vests when it came to firearms.

His run slowed to a power walk as he reloaded his last clip of customized ammunition into his MPF.
All of his chosen rounds were lethal, despite guidelines saying he should always carry some non lethal options with him at all times.

Six shots.
All of them explosives that could kill dozens with one pull of the trigger.
Assuming all of the targets were crowded together that was.

The perfect weapons for culling a riot.

Now if he could just get a clear shot at the main body of the crowd, then he could finally deal some real meaningful damage.

Once his clip was empty or close to it.
Then he would leave.
Just a few more meters deeper.

He had to run into the bulk of their forces soon.
He didn't want to waste what precious ammo he had left unless he could get the explosives off in a sufficiently dense group.
Or he had to take down a high enough priority target.

Frederick was so dedicated to this course of action that he almost missed the fact that the corridor was filling up with a wall of glittering fog.
A mysterious grey haze that didn't creep forward so much as jump in cascading bursts.

Like someone left a tail of smoke bombs and was donating them one after another.
Though the sound was wrong.
Instead of the sharp hiss of gas escaping a confined space, the bursts of smoke were accompanied by what sounded like the pop of someone opening up a jar of pickles.

Was it some sort of attack?
Were they using the smoke to cover their counter attack?

This new devolvement gave him pause, and he seriously considered blindly firing into the advancing wall of smoke.

Then his ears picked up another sound.
The sound of someone running between each new puff of smoke.

And then he noticed something much much larger.
A harsh crashing sound, like two cars hitting each other at eighty miles an hour.
Only the sound repeated over and over again in a fairly consistent pattern.

"F***" Frederick swore as something clicked in his head and he realized that what he was hearing was two different sets of footsteps.

 He readied his weapon as his forward movement stopped and then reversed.

Finally a silhouette appeared in the smoke.
A short humanoid form running wildly.

A child?

Frederick didn't care.
He fired an explosive round towards the figure.
And it bounced across the floor like a stone skipping across a lake.

The kid saw the grandad come to a stop just a foot or so short of him, but it was far too late for him to get out of the blast zone.

He looked over his shoulder at something behind him and then-

Another burst of slightly glittery smoke clouded his vision for a split second.
And then the real explosion sent a shockwave through the confined space.

It was a relatively weak yeeld, but it was amplified by the enclosed area.
Sending the shockwave much farther down the hallway and making Fredericks teeth rattle.

He had planned for that.
But what he wasn't prepared for was the mini gale wind of dust and glitter that got shoved into his face and down his lungs.

He coughed and hacked but forced himself to stay on task.
As he coughed and caught a glimpse of a rather haggard looking boy as he ran right past him.

How had he survived the blast?
Not only that, but how had he closed the distance so fast!?

Fredrick very nearly turned around to track the boy.
But if he did them he would have died right then and there.

Because charging after the boy, came a monster who made no pretenses.
It seemed to be chasing him with the intent to kill.
But it didn't seem too concerned by who it was chasing, as it took one look at Fredrick and it immediately committed itself into using its forward moment to try to ram into him.

It had a gorilla like shape that could transition between running on all fours or standing upright.
It had a thin segmented tail that lashed back and forth rapidly like a wip of barbed wire.
It's jaws looked almost deer like, but we're surrounded by a vibrating cloud of sharp teeth of every size.

Some teeth were so small that you couldn't see anything but the occasional reflection of light, others were large enough to match a sabertooth tiger, but most were somewhere in-between.

The creature was covered in blood and scraps of flesh.
But it itself was made out of floating glass bones and shards.

If Fredrick had been just a hair slower.
If he had wasted time tracking that kid.
Then he would have been eviscerated before he had a chance to save himself.

Three shots.
Three of his remaining five explosive shells exited the barrel of his MPF one after another.
With an angry clatter they skidded across the floor in front of him.

They didn't fly in long skipping arches this time though.
This time he chose a more clumsy trajectory so that they wouldn't go quite as far as the first one.

He had done that deliberately so as to catch his target in the blast radius, though he didn't stick around to check his aim.

By the time the third shell had left the barrel of his ludicrously compact weapon, Frederick had already turned back the same way he came and was running as far as his mortal feet could carry him.

He swore loudly and repeatedly in his head as he let the adrenaline kicked in even harder.
The creature matched his pace and surpassed it.

Soon it would be right on top of him, but that didn't matter right now.
Because he may have just lost his nerve a little bit and launched three high yield charges all at once.

And he was currently still in the blast zone.

Panic and regret.
He could hear the jangling thump of the creature bounding behind him, as it roared at him in frustration and snapped his teeth at him.

The smoke had appeared ahead of him somehow.
Shrouding his escape route.

Fredericks lungs burned for air as he pumped his legs for all that they were worth.
For less than four seconds he pushed his body to its absolute limit, sprinted faster than he would ever even dream of being able to do normally.

And then…

The ear splitting crack of the explosion tore through every fiber of Frederick's body and sent him flying forward.

His head was ringing as he tried to find his legs so he could put them under him.
He felt like someone had kicked every square inch of him, but there was no time to recover from the blast.
He was dead if that thing recovered faster than him.

With blood streaming down his face clouding one eye, he cast around for the beasts.
It took him a moment longer than it should have, but his eyes focused on the scattered shards of glass still slowly drawing back together.

It sat on its haunches and almost gently cradled its damaged head.
Glass fell and shattered on the floor as it tried to hold onto something.

A pink lump of raw flesh that had been safely sealed inside its skull was torn to shreds and was now spilling out of the cavity set to house it.

The monster seemed to sense that the ruined brain was precious and delicate in some way.
But it could do nothing but quietly mourn its loss as what was left of the brain spilled out between its dagger-like claws and sank wetly to the ground.

Fredrick wondered if the creature would collapse motionless now that its brain was destroyed beyond repair.
In fact he hoped that it would just collapse, dead from the injury.

But after a heart aching moment of silence, the husk began to shake.
Glass ground down against glass with a sickening shattering sound, as the near headless quivered with all consuming rage.

Its body convulsed painfully as from the cracks and brake marks, entirely new wedges of glass impaled themselves into existence.
Filling in the gaps and fleshing out the bony skeletal shell of its body.

In some moments it almost looked like it could pass as a real creature.
But then its body shifted, revealing it to still be nothing more than broken glass holding a shape it had no business imitating.

Pure white hot rage saturated its body until it was more anger than it was glass.
If hatred could be distilled down into a solid substance then that is what it was made of.

It raised its head slightly and Frederick felt its empty eye sockets burning into him.
It didn't know much, but it somehow knew that Fredrick was involved in some way.

And it had only one response left in it.
The answer to every question.

It shrieked an ear piercing death screech and burst into an awkward, frantic sprint.
It's claws sliding across the ground like an excited dog slipping on a hardwood surface.
Until its talons sank deep enough into the ground for it to find the traction it needed to hurl itself forward.

Frederick saw the malicious desperation of this thing's approach and promptly decided that his skin was more important to him than his attempt at a surprise attack.

It was odd the way time stretched when one's life was on the line.
A few seconds could drag into infinity, yet at the same time seemed far too short.

Frederick was in an altered state of mind where he could clearly perceive every moment when the grasping claws got within an inch of raking off his flesh.

He had all the time in the world to notice how the death beast was rapidly growing before his very eyes.
Its form expanded out from the brakes and cracks in its shell of a body, like lava pushing out from cracks under the ocean.

This was where he died.
He was under no delusions to the contrary.
Still he ran.
His legs burned and complained as every muscle in his body strained to catch even the tiniest fraction of an inch of additional space between him and his death.

For now he could beat it through sheer desperation and will to live.
But his limbs would tire and tear, whilst his death only grew faster.

He had to get back to the squad.
Frederick knew that was the only way he was going to survive this.

He didn't bother dwelling on the odds.
They were unfavorable to him, and also largely irrelevant.
Until he was dead he was going to do everything he could to survive.
Only after his life was already gone would he worry about being dead.

Neither Fredrick nor the monster noticed the boy duckling into one of the open cells that lined the walls.

An escape for him as both his pursuers ran past, but if Fredrick attempted the same trick then he would only be plunging himself into a death trap with nowhere to go.

So he ran.
Desperately trying to escape the monster.
If he could spare even a second thought to anything but mindless fear and retreat, then he would have found it ironic.

He had always been the one who made a fuss. When everyone all hung their heads and marched in line, he was the one to stand up and tell the truth about how dangerous the jumpers were.

Fredrick preached the danger of the monsters they created to anyone who would listen.
And got into endless arguments over what needed to be done to them.

He had endlessly decried his fellow vests for underestimating the danger lurking behind the glass.

But when that danger broke free…

They had all held back out of fear for what they could do.

And ultimately it was him who had ended up underestimating them. He hadn't heeded this own warning.

He knew that they were monsters... So why?
Why had he run towards evil?
For glory? For vengeance? For his principals?

The truth was so painfully simple.
He hated them.

If he had just held back… if he hadn't been in such a hurry to destroy them… then maybe he…

Frederick did not notice the defensive line he was running towards.
He didn't realize how close he was to safety, or to recognize the faces of his friends.
The shouts and cries of surprise from his comrades fell on deaf ears.

He had forgotten where he was running to.
He had forgotten why he was out here.
Indeed, if you had somehow been able to ask Fredrick Notchworth what his own name was at this very moment…

Then he would not have been able to answer you.

There was only one question that Fredrick could have answered in his final moments.
If you were to have asked him what was behind him.
He would tell you…

Death.

It really was a wonder what the human body could achieve when pushed to the absolute limit.
There was no pain, or fatigue, or restraint when death was on your heels.
In times of great need, the body would tear its own muscles and destroy itself for just a tiny bit of additional power.

It was too bad that the snapping of muscle fibers would eventually make it impossible to-

Angled wedges of glass appeared in front of Frederick.
They closed over the path ahead of him like the jaws of some terrible monster.

He was feet away from safety… but it didn't matter.

The claws reversed their momentum and drew back.

The glass smoothly slid through his ruined body.

And sliced him into a dozen pieces.

Killing him instantly.
It came charging in like a great hound of war. Chasing a man that was running too hard to even scream.
It caught him, and the man died spectacularly in a shower of bloody gore.

Lance Zakata just watched blankly.
He recognized the man instantly, but the monster took him a moment longer.

Lance never liked Frederick.
But he was familiar with him.

Years of working with someone in a high risk environment built up a bond whether you liked it or not.
If not a friendship, then an understanding.

So watching someone you shared coffee with almost every day get brutally diced into segments was… 

Lance instantly compartmentalized that trauma to the back of his mind.
When this was all over he would address it properly and process his grief in private.

But until then, there was a crisis to deal with.
"Open fire!" He called, and his squad followed his orders.

Their weapons rang out with a desynchronized cascade of gunshots and explosions.
The vests with actual military backgrounds and older veterans were first to shoot and everyone else followed suit at whatever pace was their best.

It sounded like the loudest waterfall in the world, and completely defended the few idiots who weren't wearing ear protection.

The monster roared like a demon and drew back as it's elemental body was rapidly torn to shreds and washed away by the hail of metal.

Shards of crystal flew off the creature and then… started… drawing back towards…

Lance's eyes widened as he suddenly remembered what the beast reminded him of.
A scared young girl, holding back a grinning glass skeleton with sharp teeth.

And in an instant he realized exactly how screwed they all were.
He swore and tried to shout over the din, waving his arms to try to grab the attention of those who might glance at him.

"HOLD YOUR FIRE! RETREAT! STOP ATTACKING! RUN!"

Those who saw him halted their attacks, and then tried to take up the call themselves.
A wave of confusion washed over the squad.
The inexperienced vests in the group were thrown off by the orders. 
As they seemed nonsensical, maybe even cowardly and stupid.

But the veterans were much quicker to catch themselves and react.
They knew that it was good to listen when someone yelled something stupid with confidence.

Especially if the person doing the shouting was someone of note, like Lance Zakata.

The funny thing was that the people who were quickest on the draw weren't the same people who were quickest to stop.
Redgate employed the best, brightest, and most skilled people in the world.
But they also made deals with regular people who had just gotten so extremely unlucky.

And despite what you might think, the ones who usually lived were not the prodigies.
It was anyone who could react quickly enough to true madness and navigate the special kind of hell that humanity had so painstakingly created here.

That wasn't to say the prodigies never made it far.
But they were definitely the minority.
Most of the people who survived were people like Lance.
Regular folk who got dragged into this by happenstance, and then developed their skills after the fact out of necessity.

Lance called the retreat for a few heart pounding seconds longer.
But he wasn't able to stick around to watch the slow ones get torn to shreds.
He may have been the squad captain, but he wasn't about to throw his life away and go down with this ship.

You didn't live as long as he did without being just a little bit selfish.

He still called out for people to retreat and stop firing, but at this point it didn't matter too much.
Those who could save themselves had already heard the message. 
The ones who were just now catching on were pretty much doomed at this point.

Lance ran.
He did not look back.
He had done all that he felt he could and wasn't about to dwell on what ifs.

Looking back down wouldn't accomplish anything.
With how big and mutated deathrattle was compared to her base form… she was not going to calm down for hours.
Perhaps even days.

And she was well beyond the point where sedation would be effective.
She could also eisley break through any restraints they tried to trap her with.
In fact the only thing they could stop her with now would be mana glass, but all of the containment units were malfunctioning.

They couldn't even hide in one of the cells to avoid her, since the doors wouldn't close.
There was a chance that maybe she wouldn't be able to reach them if they went all the way to the back.
But her body was made of floating shards of crystal, so it seemed unlikely that she wouldn't be able to just squeeze in like an octopus.

Still some people tried it.
And a few even managed to hide from her.
They were the lucky and smart ones.

Everyone else was dieing.

More people would die if they didn't stop attacking her. 
But Lance really couldn't blame the ones who continued to fight.
They were scared and their lives were on the line.
They wanted the problem to go away and force was such a tempting option to reach for.

Lance tried to do some quick math in his head as he ran.
How long would it take for her to calm down and revert back to life?
He had never seen her anywhere near this big, so it was hard to tell.
For all he knew she might have passed a threshold where she wouldn't ever revert.

There was a chance that she could bring about the end of the world.
Though that idea didn't scare him as much as it used to.
If this was the end then the DUD would send in their best to handle it.

Lance's eyes went wide with alarm as he realized.
Why would they wait for the apocalypse to start?
This was a significant enough breach, a great enough risk.
When he and his fellow vests were sent out to pin them down… they weren't ever expected to actually subdue the riot.

They were just the distraction.
A way to kill time before the real soldiers arrived.
Lance broke out into a cold sweat that made the wind rushing past him feel freezing.

The Alpha Team was headed to Redgate.

As him and his people died down here like rats.

The very people who he transferred here to avoid were almost certainly on their way.

Among them was a man who didn't belong…
An exemplar of DUD's madness with mismatched eyes and a smile like a shark.

Andor Ragnamma was coming.
Levi Athan did not open his eyes or gasp for air.
But he was suddenly acutely aware of how much he hurt.

Panic set in as he realized he wasn't breathing.
He couldn't breathe.
His lungs burned like the sun was in his chest.

What was happening?
Where was that cold sinking feeling from just a moment ago?
It had been frightening, but oddly comforting in its own way.

This was a different fear.
It was all panic and agitation.
He felt like he had to move but he was paralyzed.

At last something snapped, and it was like a damn broke.
He pried his eyes open and sat up with alarm.
The light was blinding and hurt his eyes.

He clawed at his crocodilian snout, trying to pry it open and gasp for air.

But his lungs were already full.
So full that they were fit to burst.
He tried to spit out whatever was busting in his throat, but his jaws were being held shut!

It was strangely reminiscent of past trauma.
At least this time he wasn't naked this time.
His ringing ears picked up nervous voices nearby.
Someone was trying to hold him down!
Or… hello him up?

Levi flailed like a kite in the wind till his eyes adjusted.
It was like he got hit by a flashbang.
Only his throat was about to burst!

"Someone grab his arms before he hurts himself!"

"Lady, are you crazy? Look at what he's got in his hands. Those things could rip me to shreds! No way am I getting close to that until he calms down."

"We should have tapped his hands down too…"

"Yes we should have. But we didn't think of it, so what's the point of mentioning it now?"

He could make out shapes around him as his vision cleared.
He was choking!
It seemed like… four, maybe five people?
He could breathe!
The two women's voices sounded familiar.
Suffocating to death!
They seemed worried about him.

"How much longer?"

"I don't know… Depends on how long he can keep it down."

"I can't watch anymore of this…"

"Hold on… what is he doing?"

"I swear. If I saved his life just for him to claw his own throat out I'm gonna-"

"Not that. I think he's looking at us!"

Levi pointed at his throat, his mouth, but it didn't seem like they cared about him suffocating.
He stumbled and caught himself.
His vision was consistently improving and by this point he could make out a few people amid the haze of brightness.

Metric was up front and center, wringing her hands nervously.
Phantom Hammer was also there in the back, folding her arms and bearly visible in the glare of room temperature light.
Between them was a man who was both fat and muscular in equal amounts. 
Both lenses of his glasses were cracked, and he was holding a roll of black electrical tape.

Levi made a muffled sound.
A desperate plea for help.
He tried to gesture at his…

He crossed his eyes and saw the blank line looped around his snout.
Immediately he started desperately fumbling at it trying to pry it off.

"Oh no no no no! What is he doing?"

"Sir! Sir you can't take the tape off yet!"

"I can't do this more than once on the same person. If he spits that sand out he'll revert back!"

Levi could hear them.
But whatever they said went in one ear and out the other.
He was shaking, and his body was screaming at him!
He was drowning!
He was drowning and he needed air!
He was going to die!
He was choking!
He was-

Levi dug his claws into his face and looped them under the tape.
He snapped it off with a slicing motion, but was horrified to find that he hadn't gotten all of it!
His jaw wasn't held down quite so tightly, but there was still so much tape on his face.

As the tape came off Metric gasped in alarm.
"Please you have to-" 

"Don't get close to-!"

Levi felt someone touch his arm and try to pull his hands away from his mouth.
Someone was trying to kill him?

He spun around with a choked growl, instinctually trying to use his height as a means of escaping from this shorter fow.
As he did he snapped her with his tail…
Hard…

Metric screamed out in pain and defensively grabbed his tail to hold it still and stop it from hitting her again.

This toppled Levi over, though in his current state it was only a matter of time before he fell anyway.

He writhed on the floor for a bit before finding his face again.
He had to get the tape off and relieve the horrible pressure inside him.
He had to breathe!

As a woman he barely knew curled into a ball beside him sobbing in pain, his claws found his muzzle again.
He had to-

Something hit into Levi like a punch to the collarbone.
As if someone took a five pound weight and threw it at him.
Levi's hands immediately went to cover the spot he got hit as he writhed in pain.

He did not hear Phantom Hammer shouting at him.

"Hey you mother ####er! She's trying to save your ####ing life and that's how you repay her?!"

Another impact… Two?
They were so swift, he couldn't react to them.
Bruises just appeared on his scales as kinetic force just manifested out of thin air.

"I don't care if you are in pain! You don't get to go kicking people around you ####ing a##hole! You're not the only injured person you know. Overtime could have left you to die and healed someone else! He should have ####ing left you to ####ing die you-"

"Phantom. Shut up."
Overtime said sternly, as he held Metric while she cried.
After a second he shook his head sadly.
"He's not listening."

She looked at Levi quivering.
His mind broken and his soul on fire.
Her face softened, but she bashed him again.
Not as hard this time.
A small kick to keep him from messing with the tape.

"Fine… I'll kick his ass once he's stable."
She kicked him again, though she stayed well clear of him.
Instead she stomped her foot and transferred the impact with a flick of her finger.
"You hear that ####er? I'm gonna make you apologize!"

Levi blearily reached for his face again, and was rewarded with another mysterious impact to the ribs. 

He was crying in his own dry eyed way, and he had no clue what was going on.
As far as he knew, there was someone trying to kill him.
And they were winning.

He had never been more scared in his life.

Even Phantom Hammer was starting to hesitate.
She was angry and desperately looking for some kind of control.
But she was no Chris Brine.
Her anger was her own, and it had its limits. 

She still hit him every time he reached for his bindings, but she stopped cursing at him.
If she wasn't so prideful then she may have even apologized.

Overtime made no comment on the physical abuse. 
Bruises would heal, but letting him remove the tap would kill him.

After a few minutes, both of them were wondering if that would have been kinder than this.

"Why is it taking so long?"
Overtime grumbled.
"I've seen bad reactions before, and this has got to be the worst one I've seen yet. But he should have calmed down by now."

Phantom was sitting down and repeatedly bashing her stolen MPF into the ground.
She was exhausted.
If she could fire one more bullet she would be set for another half a dozen hits at least.
But sadly she was out of ammo.

"You wanna hit something where I can see it dude? My arms are getting tired and I'm low on oomph."

Overtime gave her an odd look.
"What do you mean by that exactly?"
He thought about it for a second and realized what the correct question was.
"How does your power work?"

The teamager scoffed.
"I can steal power from impacts that I see. Then later I can release it anywhere I want."

She lifted her hand and reluctantly demonstrated by socking Levi in the jaw as he went for the tape again.

"The farther away my target is, the more energy is lost in the exchange. But I can add multiple small impacts together to make one large impact."

She nodded to the fact that she was banging the ground with her hand gun to demonstrate.

"I can only hold so much oomph at a time and it slowly slips away from me if I don't use it. If I try to hold onto too much or too little then I get sick."

Overtime gave her a nonplussed look as he walked over and sat down next to her.
"That seems pretty convoluted. But then again, look who's talking."
He balled his hands into a fist, then looked at it and signed.
"Why couldn't we just get simple straightforward support powers like in the movies? Instead everything I've seen so far seems to have some weird drawback or monkey's paw situation going on."

He pounded the ground.

Phantom H just gave him an unimpressed look and rolled her eyes. 
"Hit it like you mean it tubs. I could get more impact from stealing the bounce off a rubber ball. Smack the ground like you're trying to shatter your finger bones. I swear it'll feel like you're punching a pillow."

He gave her a look and sarcastically asked.
"Well how about I just hit you instead?"

She looked at him dead in the eye and shrugged.
"Sure. Do it."

That flustered him.
"What? No I… That was a joke."

She nodded.
"I know. Do it anyway."

He hesitated.
Then punched her on the shoulder.

"Are you weak or something? I'm falling asleep over here. Hit me like you ####ing mean it!"
She snapped.

Annoyed at her attitude he took it up a notch.

But again she just rolled her eyes.
"Better, but still hardly worth it. Again."  

Okay… Now he was done with her smug snarkiness.
This time he hit her for real.
Not in the jaw, he didn't want to hurt her too badly.
But he wanted to smack her hard enough to punch through her power and actually hurt her.

Overtime was not a small or frail man.
So he really shouldn't have been beating on a seventeen year old girl and pouching her hard enough to take down a full grown man.

But he was confident that her power would save her from the worst of it.
He really was.
But still… he couldn't help but feel a little bit guilty.

Overtime felt his attack collided with her arm.
But it felt weird.
Rather than a meaty crack of an impact shock waving through meat and bone, he felt like had just punched a pillow.

Phantom H gave no reaction as she was pushed over.
She didn't even make any effort to catch herself as her head rotated ninety degrees and bonked into the hard floor.

"Mhm." She grunted her approval. "That's more like it."
She sat up and began tiredly waking her useless gun against the floor again.
"Keep doing that. On me, the floor, the wall? It doesn't matter so long as I can see you doing it."

Overtime looked at his fist in surprise, then back at Levi who at this point was looking pretty beaten up.
He didn't have any bruises though.

Overtime wasn't sure if that was because of his power or if they just didn't show up through scales.
Either way, he still looked miserable.

Phantom H flicked her fingers and stopped him from killing himself again.
Then she looked back at the healer with a weary sigh.
"Less than half of what we put in actually reaches him from this distance, and my arms are getting tired. So unless you want to walk up there and ####ing slap him in person. I would suggest helping me out here."

Overtime looked to her, then to Levi, then to her.
"You know… we could just let him die." He suggested only half jokingly "I'm not even sure if it's going to work at all, since I've never seen it take this long with anyone before."

Phantom H… considered it.
Then looked over to metric who had stopped crying and was instead trying to calm down the kids from a much greater difference. 
While occasionally wincing and touching her face that was already starting to develop a red steak where Levi's tall had struck her.

"No…" she muttered darkly "that ####er hurt the only person down here who ####ing cares about something other than her own skin. He doesn't get to die until he apologizes."

Overtime nodded good agreement then greenbrier for her to hand him the gun.

She looked at him and hesitated, before handing it over.

He took it, held it by the tip of the beral, and then started recklessly and violently attacking the ground with it like a club.
He had longer arms, was much stronger, and was not nearly as physically exhausted as her.
So the difference in force that they put out was night and day.

The only reason he wasn't shattering either the handle of the weapon or the ground was because of Phantom Hammer's influence.

The sound rang heavy, like a smith striking an anvil.
But there was just something… wrong… there was something hollow in the way the impact rang out.

It was as if he was just tapping the ground, while someone played the expected sound on a hidden speaker.

It felt… cheap… weightless…
It was disconcerting… 
And weirdly unsatisfying.

But still.
Phantom H leaned back and breathed a deep sigh of relief.
She looked like a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders.
But she very deliberately did not close her eyes to savor that feeling.
She kept her eyes focused on the improvised club.
Hardly blinking for fear of accidentally missing a beat.

They didn't say anything to each other for a while after that.
They just did their respective jobs with silent determination.

The only time they stopped to talk was to explain to curious passersby that they were not trying to kill the blue guy, and did not need help knocking him out.

Eventually Metric approached them with a new found timidness. 
"He looks like he's in a lot of pain, and it's been a really long time now hasn't it? Are you… are we doing the right thing here? Maybe it would be more human if we…"


She couldn't finish that thought.
She was deeply emotionally torn and had a look of anguish on her face.
The two women exchanged glances.

But it seemed overtime actually had something to say.
"I have never seen the side effects of my power last this long or be this extreme. Some people freak out worse than others while the sand's in them. I've noticed that it seems especially bad for people with altered features. Like that guy with the red marks on his… well you weren't there, but he took it pretty badly too."

He gestured towards Levi who had finally given up trying to pry the tape off and was just curled into a ball, making odd rhythmic huffing sounds.
It sounded like… crying?
Or maybe wincing?
Either way he seemed emotionally broken.

"If I had known it would have taken this long I wouldn't have bothered. My power only works on one person at a time you see so probably could have saved one or two people by now."
He flicked a little bag of sand up and caught it a few times, as he stared ahead pensively.

"But since we're here I might as well finish it. I do have some connection to the process after all. And I think that… yes… yes I think it's starting to finish."

The three of them deliberated amongst themselves on what to do next.
On how long this would take.
The ethics of doing it at all.

Levi meanwhile heard none of it.
Not because he's ears didn't pick it up.
But because he's brain was too busy burning up from the inside out to process it.

His arms were crossed and held down as he writhed on the floor like a snake.
Trying to bring them up made it hurt worse, and he had forgotten why.

He was crying in his own way.
Sobbing loudly with dry eyes beneath tightly shut eyelids.

Levi had given up on breathing.
Whatever was in his lungs was leaking out of his nose far too slowly considering the immense pressure inside him.

He rubbed his nose on the floor and saw a glimmering trail of gold light slowly fading into regular mucus.
If Levi had been more alert he might have noticed the gritty flecks of glowing sand mixed into it.
But he was nowhere near alert enough for that.

The pain has stopped mounting.
At least it didn't feel like it was getting worse.
He tried to push it out through his nose holes but it wouldn't come out.
The pressure was unbearable.
But he was slowly adjusting to it.

No... Not adjusting…
He was… getting better?
Oh but too slowly.
Much much too slowly!

He was going to drown now if he didn't-!

A rock hammered into him and stopped him from trying to sneakily pull off the tape.
He couldn't see the rock coming or find where it landed, but he felt the bruises it left.
The bruises were invisible beneath his scales, but he could still feel them.
Most of… his oldest ones had stopped hurting but that was just because he was numb to…

Levi didn't realize when it happened.
But at some point within the haze of suffering he had regained his ability to think beyond the immediate moment.

Why was he letting the rock thrower bully him like this?
He sat up and vaguely heard the others chattering about who knew what.
He had an epiphany.
Why not suffer the immediate pain of a few rocks to remove the existential threat of downing?

He reached up for the tape and-
Bang!
Just like he expected he felt the impact square in his jaw, pulling it away for a second and making his head spin.
But it only bought them a second as he diligently hooked his claws under the-
Bang!
Again.
And again.
And ag-

His claws severed the tape before the sixth impact flew.

He expected the pressure to burst free at the moment his jaw was cut loose. But there was no rush of fluid, no hiss of glass escaping. He gagged as he choked, his body trying to throw up whatever was blocking his windpipe.

As he did he idly caught notice of the people waving their arms and shouting at him.

"No! Stop, please! Don't spit it out!"

"Don't you dare! ####!"

"Come on, come on. Just a minute longer!"

He didn't register what the words themselves were, but he caught the general tone.
Desperate please for him to stop… whatever it was he was doing.

It have him pause enough to notice that he recognized one of them.
Hadn't she been holding him as he died?
Trying to save…

Why was she miming for him to cover his mouth?

Levi stumbled as his brain spun in desperate spirals.
What was she trying to…
Couldn't she see he was choking?!
Or… suffocating? 
Or…

Gas?

Was there some sort of poisonous gas in the air?

Levi grabbed for a shirt that he didn't have and tried to pull it over his face.
He needed a mask!
Or a piece of cloth, or a filter or…

Levi held his mouth shut with his hands and tried to stumble out of the poison cloud he had found himself in.
Anything to be able to breathe!

He staggered towards them, making them nervously step backwards.
They looked ready to run from him when he lost control and…

What kind of sick tedious joke of the universe was it that conspired to constantly place him on the ground?
It was like the world wanted him to crawl on his belly everywhere.

"Holy #### I think it's working."
Overtime muttered with a look of hopeful incredulity.
"But we should still wait a few m-"

Levi felt a damn brake.
The pressure in his throat subsided in a rush as whatever was inside him collapsed inward.
He still wasn't breathing, but he felt a rush of intense cleansing relief as if he had just gulped down the sweetest breath of fresh air.

He felt his neck, confused as to what just happened.
Then he looked up and saw the people who saved his life.
Confused as to what was going on, he looked at his chest.

The gashes in his chest were-!
The skin was still torn and flaking off from where Chris had clawed him.
But there were new, fresh, mockingly shiny blue scales underneath the folds of now dead skin.

Levi was… shedding?
Like a snake but not quite as cleanly.
He picked at it with his fingers and pulled it away.
It snapped off brittlely and he looked at the piece he held with fascinated and distaste.

He still couldn't breathe, but it didn't seem to matter anymore.
 
"I think… No ya I think it's done."

"How can you tell?"

"Isn't it obvious? Look how much calmer he is now."

"No I… Well yes that too. But remember, most people don't freak out like that at all. I know it's done because… well… It's like one of my muscles just relaxed. But not one that's actually in my body. You know what I'm trying to say?"

"That sounds just complete horse ####."

"No, I kinda get it. I can see how that makes sense. For me it's more like I've been studying something really boring for hours to the point where it makes my head hurt."

Levi looked up blearily at the three people nervously discussing what having super powers felt like.

They seemed… fine.
And they didn't have any gas masks on.
Was it alright for him to breathe now?

With his hands still over his mouth he sat up onto his knees, and just looked at them confused.
His limbs were twitching, and his tail was lashing back and forth.
He felt jittery from the pure adrenaline rushing through him.

Metric noticed him looking at them and cut the other two off to ask.
"Are you okay? Are you feeling alright?"

Levi cautiously nodded.
Whatever they did, it had certainly helped.
But he kept looking around for whatever was throwing stuff at him.
He could barely feel any bruises anymore.
Had he just imagined it?

"Oi! ####er!" Phantom Hammer sneered.
She pointed a finger at Metric's face.
"You apologize to this woman. Right now!"

Levi looked between them with alarm.
What had he done?!
Had he struck her with lightning while I'm his panic?

Come to think of it?
Where was the charge in the air anyway?
With the speed at which his heart was pounding he would think that…
Wait a second…
Was his heart even beating?

His body went to whimper, but without air it was just a strangled sound.

Metric self concisely held a hand over a red streak, trying to hide her cheek without touching it.
"He didn't mean to." She muttered with a complex mix of emotions.
She was irritated with Phantom H for bringing it up, trying not to start crying again, and also a bit disappointed with herself.
She genuinely knew he didn't mean to hurt her, yet part of her was still angry at him anyway.

Levi reached out a hand but pulled it back as he realized he couldn't do anything but make it worse.
He looked at her and I tried to pour the words "I'm sorry" into his expression and body language.

Which ironically made him look less genuine than if he hadn't tried at all, since expressions were hard unless they were automatic.
Still, his genuine confusion and regret was clearly apparent.

Overtime, the wide man with the black stubble, dusted his hands together.
"Well, now that that trainwreck is finally over. I should go find the next poor sod in need of my help, and get in position for when my power's ready to be used again."

He tossed a small leather coin purse of all things into the air and caught it before looking at Levi.
"Yo. Blue guy. You're one tough cookie to heal, I'll tell you that. Also we're human before? If so, wow that's gotta be wild. Can't imagine what that feels like. Anyway, don't go doing anything stupid thinking that I'll be here to bail you out okay? My power doesn't work on the same person twice, so I couldn't heal you again even if I wanted to. Which I don't. Because that was honestly pretty traumatic to watch. Later."

He began to leave before catching himself and spinning around.
"Oh yeah, I almost forgot. You can spit that sand out now if you want. You'll have an enhanced healing factor for as long as you keep it in, but only for the next fifteen or so minutes. So you might want to spit it out before your time runs out or you could choke."

There was an awkward pause before he walked away for real.

Levi looked down his healed body and wondered what would happen if he cut himself.
Would it seal up immediately or gradually over time?
Just how much would it take to kill him in this state?

…

Levi decided he did not want to know, and opted to get whatever it was out sooner rather than later.
He appreciated the immortality, he really did, but he was still terrified of choking to death.
He honestly just wanted things to go back to any kind of normal at this point.

He didn't know what he was expecting as he spat on the ground.
He heard sand, so he supposed small gains of stone were to be expected.
The only problem is that whatever was in him didn't feel like sand.

It didn't come up immediately.
As he hacked and coughed tried to scrape whatever this was from off the walls of his throat.
When something did finally come up he spat it out immediately.

It looked like… some kind of clear… gelatinous sludge?
It was blinking rapidly between red and yellow, so fast and jarringly that it could probably induce a seizure if the wrong person looked at it too long.

Despite its rather bright colors it was also extremely translucent.
It looked like it was more air than sludge.
And it was… shrinking?
Evaporating at increasing speed the longer it was outside of his body.

Levi quickly began to gag.
Both in disgust at the blob but also because he felt something shift from inside him.
The first half a cup came up slowly.
It was a struggle to get it up and out of him.

But then he hit a point where things shifted.
Like pulling a deeply encrusted scab off and allowing the blood to flow Levi soon was hurling up hung amounts of this strange pseudo jelly.

In many ways it was unpleasant.
But it didn't burn his throat like stomach acid did.
And it was admittedly nice to feel his lungs unfreeze and start to move again.
Down and down it came like spilling out a bucket.
And as it poured out he felt his bodily functions return to him one by-

Levi felt his heart finally beat again.

And then the world suddenly went white.

His ears rang from the noise and even though his eyes were closed the steaks of light were still burned into his vision.

He stumbled disoriented, but his position on his knees meant he didn't have to worry about maintaining his balance.

He breathed in with a clumsy gasp.
He could breathe now.
It was hard work and he still felt that stuff inside of him, but his body was returning to normal.

Now he could taste the vomit as his throat burned with stomach acid.

He squinted uselessly, as he wondered…
Where had the flashbang come from?

Levi couldn't see and his ears were drowned out by the rigging of an incredibly loud sound that had come and gone.
But despite this his body was quivering with an intense relief that didn't match up with the emotional stress of what was going on.

Levi choked out words.
He could feel his lips moving.
His tongue shifted in his mouth.
The slight vibrations in his throat.
But he couldn't hear a word of it.

Not knowing what else to do he raised his hands in a posture of clear surrender.
Perhaps the attackers would leave him alive?
Considering the fact that most vests knew who he was, it wasn't actually that far fetched. 

He waited like that for a while.
Eyes shut and head bowed to the ground.
Muttering broken pleas for mercy that he couldn't hear.
Until his eyes corrected themselves somewhat.
He waited for the vertical lines of color burnt into the back of his eyes to fade at least a little.

Levi cracked his eyes open and found himself blinking.
There was barely a difference, he couldn't see anything.
It was clearing up, but too slowly.

Had the others left without him?
Were they shouting at him to run?
Fight?
Were they as disabled by the flashbang as he was?

Levi tried not to move, and felt something ticking him.
A little tingling sensation running up and down his body.
Like soda bubbles?
No, it was more erratic than that.
It was quicker, with more energy in aimlessly roaming patches.
Especially down his back, neck, and tail where his quills were.
Also he could feel whatever it was jumping between his fingers.

Levi realized what that strange familiar sensation was and it made nervous.
It seemed the sparks had returned from their absence.
So he could only hope that they wouldn't be perceived as hostile.

In…

Out…

Levi breathed deeply and steadily.
He repeated mantras, gave himself pep talks under his breath, and tried to do anything he could to calm down.

He had to get into yoga or meditation or something to keep his nerves under control.
Since it was so hard to be calm with such high stakes looming over you.

"..p..l……a.e pl.as..ple.se..please please please please please please please please…"

Levi's hearing was recovering faster than his vision.
At first he could hear the sound of his own voice, then the buzz of sparks, and finally the sound of crying children.

No rattling gunfire?
No soldiers barking orders?
What was going on?
Was it a jumper that did this?
Or…

Levi opened his squinting eyes and blinked rapidly.
A line of pulsating color had been burned into vision, as if he had been staring at the sun or shining a powerful flashlight directly in his eyes.

It followed the rotation of his eyes so it was always, anything, directly in front of what he was looking at.
But out the corner of his eyes Levi could see…
What?

Levi shut his eyes, then opened them, then shut them again.
He realized that he could barely tell the difference between the two.
Had he gone completely blind?
No… No, there definitely was a difference.

He could hear overtime asking if people were okay, and metric trying to console whoever was crying.
Phantom H was just cursing.

They all sounded shaken.
And… far away.

Levi wondered if he should move closer to them.
If this was a jumper doing this then they probably wouldn't care one way or the other about his submissive position of surrender.

The problem was that he had trouble walking even on a good day, and right now he was practically blind and deaf.

At the same time… nothing was immediately attacking him.
So after a while he tried to call out to them.

"Hay… waht happnd?"

Voices hushed as he spoke.
He got a definite sense that they were looking at him.
The air was… uncomfortably tense.

He kept trying to blink the distortion from his eyes. And though it was slowly improving, he still couldn't see anything directly in front of him.
But by now he could see out the sides of his eyes.
The only problem was that it was dark.
It wasn't pitch blackness, there were some I'll defined shapes outlined in the faintest blue light.

"#### ###! You ####ing #######! Eat ####!"
Phantom Hammer swore at him like an angry child who just found out that swearing existed.
But where was she?
He couldn't see her, but it sounded like she was standing on the opposite end of a basketball court.

Levi whined in frustration.
Normally he hated it whenever he made an animal sound, but didn't now he was just relieved that his hearing was coming back.

"Tell me whaat happend? I honest dont know!"

This time it was Overtime's turn to cup his hands and shout swears at him.
"####ing #### dude, you ####ing exploded! It's a miracle none of us are dead. Are you ####ing alright?"

"I…" Levi was at a loss for words. 
Of all the things he was expecting to hear…
He should have seen that coming honestly, but it still surprised him. 

"Think so?" He responded after a bit.

Overtime nodded and shouted back.
"That's good I guess? Look, whatever you did before... Don't do it again. Okay? Oh, and if those creepy eyes of yours see in the dark, could you tell me if there are any bodies near by you? Not properly dead ones or anything, but ones that look dead but might not be yet?"

Levi's jaw worked as he looked around.
Why was he asking if he could see in the dark?
Had the lights turned off?
He glanced around the room, but he was still mostly blind so he didn't know what he was expecting.

On any other day, a power orange outage would be cause for panic. As redgate needed power to light the underground structure and keep the life support running. The whole facility was riddled with spaceship style air tight seals and airlocks to ensure maximum quarantine capabilities. But this meant that if the power went out then the air filtration system would shut down too. Turning the whole place into a death trap.

Normally redgate had multiple redundancies and backups to take over in the event of a power outage. So it should be theoretically near impossible to knock out every backup at once.

But here he was… sitting in the dark apparently. 

Levi tilted his head around so that he could see at an angle.
The dizzyingly wide field of view that he had suffered with had somehow managed to be helpful in this instance.

Not that he could see all that much.
Just the vague outline of the nearby wall.

It occurred to Levi that he didn't know if he could see in the dark or not. It was wild to think about, but this was the first time he had to contend with an absence of light since his body… since this happened to him.

The splotches of light on his eyes were gradually dissolving away, but he still couldn't see directly in front of him.
It was hard to tell if he was struggling to see because of the dark, or because of the bright flash that had blinded him. 

He wasn't completely blind though.
He could see shapes nearby.
The edges of the wall maybe?
The geometry of the room…
If the lights really were gone then this place would be cast into total darkness.
They were far too deep underground for any amount of natural light to exist down here.
So maybe he could see in the dark?

Levi blinked suddenly as he remembered to look around for bodies.
He rolled his head left and right, but even when looking through his peripherals he could only see a few feet in front of him.

He saw dark stains trailed across the floor, but that was about it.
He couldn't see anyone dead around him.

Levi sighed in relief, and as he did he saw his range of viability shrink like a candle burning out.
Alarmed by the realization, Levi's heart began to pound.
And as it did his vision abruptly returned even further than before.

It was then that Levi figured out what was happening.
He could not see in the dark, but the sparks of electricity generated by his anxiety and fear were producing light and illuminating a small area around him.

Thus a paradoxical feedback loop began in which anxiety led to reasons for optimism, and confidence led to reasons to be nervous.
The light ebbed and flowed with his emotions, but it never went out completely, even if he wanted it to.
There was too much to be worried about.
Too many reasons to be on edge.

Levi cupped his hands and called back down the hallway.
"Not thah I see. No."

"Alright great!" Overtime quipped happily "You're on your own then. I'm out of here."

No one really bothered to stop him from what Levi could tell, but did they even have too?
How far could he get without light?

Levi squinted forward as he half crawled towards where their voices were coming from.
That long pillar of visual distortion had faded by this point into a much smaller blotsh.
It annoyingly danced around to cover up whatever he was directly looking at, like someone defending a goal in a game of soccer.

Levi shuffled forward on his knees, not wanting to risk standing with his vision impaired like this.
He kept feeling like he was about to run into a wall or something, but it didn't happen.
The hallway was long and straight, and every time he did drift far enough off course the walls were illuminated in electric blue light before he ran into them.

That was the thing about darkness.
It made the space around you seem simultaneously so terrifyingly vast but also horribly restrictive.
Like drifting through an endless void with the knowledge that one wrong move too quickly could get your face punched by a wall.

Click click click.

Levi remembered that he was clicking, and that gave him an idea.
He was capable of echolocation wasn't he?
He had done it before when swimming.
So why not use it now?

The answer was apparently the moment that Levi thought of it.

He had… absolutely know clue how to do that.
He had only experienced his powers of echolocation once when he was fully submerged in water and swimming around.
And that had been a wholly natural experience that has required no thought on his part.

He still made the clicking noise; it was a habit that was ingrained in him on a biological level.
But it didn't do anything for him on land.
On land it was just noise.

He tried to close his eyes and focus on the sound.
The pitch and rhythm of the clicking changed, just like the rhythm at which you blinked changed when you were actively thinking about it.

He could hear it echoing back.
More so than he felt that he should.
Levi shuddered uncomfortably.
There was something wrong with the way his brain clung to this information.
Just like the alteration in his field of view, this seemed like yet another instance of his senses being different from when he was human.

If he thought about it hard enough he could maybe get a vague feel of his surroundings.
Though if he did, then his mental map was hardly any larger than what he could already see.

It frustrated him to no end.
Especially because he just kept comparing it to the water.
He didn't have to think about it then, that's how he even came to the conclusion that he could echo locate in the first place.
Because he just… knew where everything was.
He didn't have to work for it.
He didn't have to struggle.
His mind and body just… worked automatically.
Was it any wonder why fantasies of the ocean haunted him?

Levi stopped himself and recentered his thoughts on the present.
The here and now needed him most.

He looked around at the darkness that surrounded him, the annoying smudge of diminishing false light that clung to his eyes, the blue sparkle that at least showed him the floor.

He heard the sound of people chattering, trying to communicate in the dark while children cried. All the while he clicked like a dolphin shuffled forward slowly.

Then there was a loud popping sound, and two yelps of surprise as someone suddenly appeared out of the dark and tripped over Levi's tail and part of his back.

The human yelp of surprise quickly turned into a frightened scream as the more animal yelp turned into a pitiful whining.

Levi's tail hurt.
He hated the fact that he had one in the first place, but pain brought it into sharp focus.
A tingling sense of wrongness flooded his mind and reminded him that his body was different than it should be, but that was hardly an uncommon occurrence.

After a few seconds Levi heard that strange popping sound again, and felt a rush of air roll over him like a light breeze.
The screaming suddenly dimmed, and seemed to change location to further on ahead.
At least for a moment before the screaming turned to coughing.

Levi felt a tickle in the back of his own throat as it suddenly got harder to breathe.
Was there something in the air?
It felt like someone was frying up an excessive amount of black pepper.

The young boy, and it was a young boy who tripped over him Levi realized, recovered fairly quickly from his coughing fit and called out.
"Anna! Anna, where are you!"

Levi couldn't make out what they said, but he heard a voice from further out call back and answer him.

The boy instantly reacted with a sharp intake of breath and a second later Levi heard that popping sound again.

Levi found a wall to lean against as he coughed lightly and waited for the air to clear. 
Strangely it didn't take all that long for whatever it was to settle on the ground or whatever.
Or maybe he just got used to it.

The sparks that surrounded him lit up the wall in a dim blue glow, as well as a few feet out.
Not only that but the mark on his vision had all but faded away at this point.
He couldn't see where he was going, but he could see what was right in front of him.

Levi decided that was enough, and started to make this way forward.

At first he shuffled forward on his knees.
Then he crawled.
Then once he was confident enough in his vision he stood.
Of course he hugged the wall when he could, but the occasional open door would act as a gap in the world that had to be avoided.

Where was he going?
He wasn't quite sure.
This whole escape had been a horribly planned and chaotic affair, full of monsters and conflict.
He wanted to help them escape since he felt it was the right thing to do.
But if he were to be offered a chance at freedom, would he take it?

His original plan was to help them get out, and then return to his cell.
But after everything he had been through… part of him wanted more.
Part of him longed to stand outside again.
To experience real natural sunlight.
To see plants and grass.
To feel the wind on his skin… 

The other part knew that he had scales instead of skin.
That being outside wouldn't make his problems any easier to wrestle with.
And that he didn't have a life waiting for him up there.

Monster.

Even if it was just skin deep, he knew that his appearance alone would prevent him from even hiding within society.
The chances that would be discovered were just too high.
And he was too clumsy.
Too unstable.
Too… dangerous…

He knew all this.
He knew these things even more now than he did earlier this morning.
But still… he was tempted.

Maybe he could escape.
He could just jump into the ocean and disappear forever.
He could live out the rest of his days as a cryptid who sometimes scares fishermen.
Or he could just cut himself off from humanity all together.
He both hated the idea, and yet was weirdly attracted to it.

Levi shook his head.
Later…
Nothing had to be decided right now, or even considered.
He was probably going to get recaptured soon anyway.
He could think about it later, if the opportunity ever came up.

Levi followed the sounds of voices.
Walking slowly in his own bubble of light.
But as slow as he was, he could only assume that they were moving even slower.
And they could see him way better than he could see them.

"Hold on pal, not a step closer with… um… not a step closer."
Overtime's voice was close by, somewhere within thirty feet of where Levi was standing.
He seemed worried and insistent.

Levi hesitated, and stopped where he was.
After a second he asked.
"What hapened? Is everyne okay?"

"You ####ing exploded and broke all the lights. That's what happened."
Phantom Hammer sounded… bitter, hateful, and on the verge of despair.

Levi blinked in the darkness.
"...what?"

The darkness answered.
"You got struck by a big a## bolt of lightning. It just appeared out of nowhere and nearly blew my ears out. I don't know what caused it, or how you ####ing survived. But you're still sparkling, so stay back. I'm not convinced it won't happen again."

Levi's quills stood up more, as he nervously glanced around.
The sparks grew just a bit with his anxiety.
But there seemed to be no indication that whatever that was would happen again.

"My… I do that. My body makes lihtning." 
Levi gestured at the sparks around him, trying to explain himself in as few words as possible.
"No conttrol. Mostly like this when up set. Can get wurse wen mad. But never like… that."

"#### that!"
Phantom swore, but overtime cut her off.

"What do you mean? I watched you literally writhe around on the floor in agony for damn near an hour. And I didn't see even a flicker. Why?"

Levi shrugged helplessly.
"Youre powwer stopsit like it stops breething? Then let's it go all at once?"
It was the only explanation that he could think of.

There was a long long pause before a quiet voice spoke in the darkness.
"Oh… Yeah I suppose it did happen right as you were getting the sand out of your system, didn't it?"

Phantom H seemed annoyed and exhausted because she had to shift the blame around.
"Oh come on. So it's your fault he exploded?"

Overtime did not want to be on the receiving end of her power and was quick to defend himself.
"No way! I mean… maybe? Look, I don't know what went wrong with him, but it usually doesn't go that ####y. It usually does its thing in less than two minutes, unless they're missing an arm or kidney or something."

Levi's eyes went wide as he looked down at himself.
A thin line was still visible in the dim blue light.
But because his eyes had finally fully recovered from the flash, he was able to see that the gruesome scar which used to run down the length of his belly was almost completely healed!
If not for a thin layer of somewhat flaky dead scales still clinging to his chest, you would never be able to tell.

Overtime continued on.
"Sometimes I've seen it take longer and cause significant discomfort. But it's never lasted for more than fifteen minutes! Maybe it has something to do with him being transformed? It works on animals just fine, so I don't see why that would be it. Either way, the only reason I tried it on him was because this chick asked me to."

"I can't see who you're pointing at. Dipstick."
She reminded him humorlessly.

"I don't know her name." Overtime flustered. "You. Wherever you are. The chick who got b### slapped by this guy's tail."

"Hrm?"
Levi sat up a bit at that, alarmed.
When did that happen?
He didn't remember that.

The foul mouthed teanager scoffed.
"Oh, metric. She's not here you idiot, she's already left. She is trying to find the other kids in the dark. Honestly I don't know why I didn't go with her."

Overtime snapped his fingers.
"The kids!"

"What about them?"
She asked, somewhat skeptically.

Overtime paused for a fraction of a second.
"Okay, maybe not the kids specifically. But maybe? My point is that we've all got super powers right? So it only makes sense that at least someone has a power that glows! Even if that's not the primary thing that their power does. There's got to be sometime down here who glows when they do… whatever it is that they do. It just makes sense right?"

The notable stretch of silence that followed was only broken up by the zips and zaps still arching around the clicking lizard man.

"Right?"
He asked again, this time significantly less sure of himself.

Phantom Hammer sounded baffled that she had to point this out, but she eventually asked.
"Do you mean… like that guy?"

Levi couldn't see anything, but he got the distinct impression they were looking at him.

"I mean someone who it's safe to be around."
He replied snappishly.

Levi sighed and then went for a literal shot in the dark.
He cupped his hands over his snout and shouted.
"Aanyyoone glowe?"

Levi realized that he hadn't done a lot of shouting since the change, as his voice came out as a much harsher sound than he wanted it to.
The words were legible, but the tone was unmistakably inhuman with layered high and low pitch sounds that made his skin crawl.

He cringed and held his head in his hand while he waited for a reply that didn't come.

"Pleas?"
He added apologetically.

Funnily enough, it seemed that was what changed her mind and convinced her to speak up.

"I do stuff with light."
A sheepish voice offered.
It sounded like a terrified little girl.
Couldn't be more than fifteen.

A very similar but more boyish voice tried to shush her.
But it was too late… she had already declared her presence in the darkness.

"Oh thank God."
Phantom H was quick to exclaim.

But overtime spotted the obvious question before anyone else.
"So what's the catch? Why aren't you already glowing up and leading us to safety?"

The girl sounded guilty and distraught as she explained.
"I don't glow. All I do is move light around and I'm not even that good at it! If we had a flashlight then I could do something with it, but then you wouldn't even need me. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said anything."

"Hey. It's alright."
Overtime reassured her in a fatherly voice.
"I think you're very brave for-"

Phantom H cut in rudely.
"What about him? The guy's surrounded by glitter. Could you move his glowing over here so that we could see? Or maybe further down the hall?"
 
"I-"
The other child cut her off before she could answer.
"No! Don't get close to him, Anna. They said he was dangerous just a second ago! And now they want you to go stealing light from lightning? That's crazy!"

She answered with a whiny voice.
"Shut up! I'm still mad at you for running away. That scary glass monster could have eaten you!"

"Na uh. I'm too fast, it couldn't catch me because I can jump into places. Someone had to lead it away or it would have eaten everyone!"
The boy answered defensively.

The girl, Anna, made an outraged sound That bordered on tears.
"It's the same thing! You got to use your power to save the day and you did it. Are you saying that my power is worse than your power?"

"That's not what I…"
The boy tried to backpedal but was too late.
He had already struck a nerve by accident.

"You think that you're the better superhero, just because your power is cooler than mine and eiser to use? We're the same age Aiden. It's not fair that you got something so much better than me. It's not fair."

Anna's anxiety and fear came out in a childish fit that really reminded Levi how young some of these people were.

She sniffed and sniffed as someone tried to comfort her somehow.
"I wish we never got super powers. I want to go home! I want dad!"

Aiden hushed her while the adults just awkwardly stood there.
"Hey hey. I want to see Dad too. But before that can happen we need to get home alive. Okay?"

"Okay…"
Anna muttered in quiet defeat.

Silence followed as Levi sat down awkwardly.
It was becoming clear he wasn't going to be moving anytime soon.

Then there was a dismissive snort.
Before Phantom Hammer muzzled her way into the conversation again.
"That's all well and good kid, but what now? Sit here in the dark until someone comes to save you? F-" she caught herself and found a more child friendly word "Screw that! All the adults down here are scumbags."

"Hey, I take offense to that."
Overtime chimed in, and Levi had to nod along.
There were plenty of good, decent people down here. 
Levi would have argued the point but he could feel her building towards a point of some kind, and didn't want to interrupt it with his slow broken voice.

Not that Phantom H would have stopped for him anyway.
"Your ower may be stupid and weirdly specific. But look where we are? We're in a dark hallway with no light sources expert for one that none of us can get close to. This seems almost contrived to make you useful right? So can't you be brave for me and try to help us? Please?"

Levi felt like he really should explain to them a bit better that his weird electrical field was significantly less dangerous than it looked nine times out of ten. But that seemed like a lot of talking that they didn't have time for. Not to mention, he was kinda on board with this whole confidence boost for this little girl. Even if he did resent the way Phantom H was so casually equating usefulness with personal worth.

There was a sniffling, followed by a small voice.
"Okay…"

"But…"
Aiden stammered, but his objections lost steam in the face of someone older and more commanding than him.

Levi continued to sit on the floor, and waited patiently for whatever was about to happen.
The blue glow then started to flicker out around him.
At first he thought it was the girl doing it.
Then he realized that it was going out because he was starting to relax.

He tried to tense up the muscles in his body, but that didn't do anything but make his tail stop swaying.
He needed to feel more anxious, which was hard because he was already pretty emotionally exhausted and nothing was currently trying to hurt him.

Speeding up his breathing helped a little.
It seemed like the intensity of the electrical field was tied to his heart rate.

Levi was really growing to hate having an emotion based power.
Even when he wanted it to work it still found a way to be uncooperative.

How was he supposed to sper on his anxiety?

Focus on the lights going dark?
There was fear to be had there, but it was just an absence of light.
It wasn't the true darkness that the sleep demon thing was trying to drag him into.

Think of his wife and child struggling to carry on without him?
That… hurt his heart and filled him with an unbearable grief.
But grief and regret was not the right emotion he needed right now.

What about the people chasing them?
At any moment he could be recaptured and brought back to his cell.
But why should he care about that?
He wanted to go back at the end of the day anyway.
Didn't he?

He might be working against them right now, but he was still one of them. 
He hadn't worn anything on his upper body for a year, but he was still a blue a vest at heart.

The blue light never died completely, but they flickered out even more.
It wasn't that he was relaxed or calm.
It was just that… He was emotionally exhausted.
He had nearly died, multiple times, and was slowly becoming numb to it.

Levi cringed slightly as he found something to worry about.
Chris was probably still loose somewhere.
And the more she fought, the stronger she would become.
If she wasn't dealt with properly then she would scale out of control.
And if that happened then it would be a massacre.

The light flared up as the sparks renewed themselves.
Revealing the general area and…
Levi caught sight of a shape on the edge of his vision.
A cautiously outstretched hand that was no more than twenty feet out.

His gut reaction was too lean back as the sparks rapidly expanded with his shock.
Then his mind registered what it was he was looking at.
A little girl, trying to get close enough to use her power.

The field dimmed as he recognized that he wasn't being attacked by some creature or entity.
But then it rapidly expanded as his mind caught up with the danger to her.

Immediately Levi looked away.
He buried his head in his lap and tried to cover he ever saw anything.
He tried to forget, but his brain had already made the connection.
Worse still, it followed a very simple line of logic.

If she's in range then she's in danger, if she is in danger then I should be concerned, if I'm concerned then the danger will grow, if the danger grows then she is more likely to get hurt, if she gets hurt it will be my fault, if I don't calm down right now then I'll hurt her, the more I-

Levi's thoughts raced as he recognized the negative feedback loop far too late.
"No no nono no nmo no no no nno no-"
He was chanting rapidly and holding his head, trying to force himself to think about something else, or feel anything other than terror.
Trying to drown out the sounds of the others shooting at her to get back, and the sound of Anna screaming in terror as she fled.

The ball of lightning chased her as she ran. 
It rapidly expanded to engulf her and then it raced even further ahead. 
Suddenly the light filled the hallway and people could see again.
But finding their way out was no one's main concern at this moment.

Everyone realized at the same time what their mistake was.
The darkness had hidden what was going on, and no one knew just how close she was actually getting.
And no one had thought to ask what the range of her power was.

They should have braved the darkness.
They should have just felt along the walls while calling out to the others.
But it was too late to go back now.

Levi pushed his head down so far that he would have overbalanced and done a summersault if the weight of his tail hadn't held him back.
He was trying to forget, to control, to bargain with whatever higher power could have allowed this situation to occur.

He heard Anna crying.
People screaming at her to run.
Then an odd popping sound, like someone quickly pulling a large suction cup away from a flat surface.

He felt a familiar tickling in the back of his lungs as his throat seized up in irritation.
Was she safe?
He still heard her crying.
Was she hurt?
He was unsure if he should look up or not.

On one hand, if he kept his head down and his eyes shut, then maybe he could just convince himself that she was okay.
Since there was no way he would be able to stay calm if she did turn out to be hurt.

On the other hand, if she was just frightened then a quick glance to see that she was okay would be the best way to quell his nerves and pull back the danger.

This was all happening so quickly.
He couldn't decide what to do in time.
So he ended up keeping his eyes shut out of indecision.
He listened though.

"Are you alright? Are you hurt?"

"Anna!"

"Quick, feed her your sand!"

"Are you sure? That only works once per person, and she seems fine. I think she's just scared."

"Well… I don't know. She keeps crying. You're a doctor though right? Why don't you check her for injuries."

"Woah woah woah. I never said I was a doctor. Aside from my magic powers, I've got nothing."

"#### you."

"Well that's uncalled for."

"Hey. Hey calm down alright? You're safe now. You're safe."

A jumble of voices spoke over each other as Anna cried tears of panic.
Levi's attempt to bury his head into the floor transitioned into a deeply apologetic bow as he submissively added his own faltering voice to the mix.
"Plese pleise plise. I'm sory am sorrry aim sorry im sorri. Plase. I camn't contol it. I kan't.

"Shut the #### up!"
Phantom Hammer cursed.

To which overtime felt the need to interject.
"What's your problem? What did that guy ever do to you?"

"What?"
She seemed genuinely taken aback by the question.
Then she got defensive.
"...are you talking about? He's been nothing but trouble! He smacked Minah when she was just trying to help, nuked the whole power grid, and then nearly electrocuted this poor girl."

"But he didn't do any of those things on purpose."
Overtime pointed out.
"The man has a #### power. Like seriously the worst! How would you like it if you got abducted from your home and transformed into a spiky blue creature that just randomly explodes sometimes."

"Whoa. When did you become his lawyer?"
Phantom asked, somewhat taken aback.

Overtime scoffed.
"All I'm saying is that you and I got the good ####. So you should have a little bit more empathy for the unlucky sods who pulled the crap end of the super hero lottery. Do you know how many ####ing people I've fixed who've been injured by their own powers? I'd need two hands to count them, which doesn't sound like a lot, but you have to remember I've only been free for like an hour. So…"

Levi squirmed slightly.
He agreed with everything the man said, but it felt weird having someone demand pity for him.
It almost made him want to defend himself.
To say that his situation wasn't all that bad.
But not only was that untrue, but it would also be yet another distraction from the real issue.

What was really important right now was the girl.
The one who was currently trying to reassure her… was he her brother or…? She was trying to reassure Aiden that she was fine when she was clearly shaken.

Phantom choked a little as she tried to think of a response, but to Levi's surprise she relented.
"I… No you're right. I've been acting like a jerk and it isn't helping anyone. I'm just really stressed out right now."

Overtime's stern voice grew noticeably softer, and took on a note of respect.
"It's good that you can recognize that. That's very mature of you."

"#### off."
She swore, but with a more casual note than before.

Then all of a sudden Anna called out of the darkness.
"I forgive you!"

"...what?"
Overtime and phantom hammer both exclaimed in unison.

Anna's voice was shaking slightly as she clarified.
"I'm talking to you. Blue dinosaur. You said you were sorry, right? You didn't mean to scare me right? S-so I forgive you."

Levi pressed his head harder into the ground, as his chest made that hissy huffing sound that substituted for the tears he couldn't cry.

How could he tell her?
How could he tell any of them that he was a part of the reason why they were here?
He did not deserve her forgiveness, and he wondered if she would still give it if she knew he had been a vest.

Even if Anna did forgive him for his crimes, he was fairly certain that Phantom Hammer would kill him if she found out. Or at the very least, she would beat him within an inch of his life.

Perhaps that was why he hated it when people felt pity for him.
Because he deserved it for what he had done.
He only wished that his divine punishment didn't spill over and affect others.

He wanted to tell them who he was.
If only to see how they reacted.
But he felt that would be unfair to them.
At least not right now.
His own guilt and shame were familiar things that he had to carry regardless of what he told them.
And perhaps that was just an excuse to protect himself, but he truly felt it was best not to complicate the matter at the moment.

So Levi said only two of the words that were running through his head at the time.
Two simple, inoffensive words that he had become rather familiar with.
"Thank you."

"Okay, alright, good. Now that we are all on the same page we can start working on figuring out how to get out of this mess."
Overtime put up a cheerful voice as he assumed the role of leader polled the room for ideas.

"I got close to grab a few candles worth of light before I was scared. Maybe if his power doesn't get any bigger this time then I can try again?"
Anna offered sheepishly, but four different people all said "No!" at nearly the same time.

Slightly nervous to reassure Anna, Aiden offered his own solution.
"We can just wait until the lights come back on. Or at least wait for someone else to come rescue us."

Next was Hammer's turn.
"That, or we could just hug the damn wall. Seriously it's a ####ing hallway with closed off rooms on either side. As long as we keep our hands on the wall we can dip in and out of the rooms until we find our way forward."

"Bad idea."
Levi looked up to try to make eye contact with her, but was met by a silent wall of darkness.
He cleared his throat as best he could, as he realized this would take a second to explain.
"The dors are open. Inkludeing some bad ones. Don't know how manny bads are free. Not all monsters worud leave their room when opened. But if we start stumbinin on these thngs… well… it won't be prety."

He probably could have explained that better if he slowed down, but he needed to at least somewhat match pace with the conversation.
Otherwise the conversation would just move on without him.
As it was, they still had to parse what he said and make sense of it.
So it didn't save that much time.

"What does th-"

Before Hammer could finish that thought, Overtime supplied.
"He says that we'll eventually run into monsters if we make a habit of walking into rooms without knowing what's in them first. I think."

Levi nodded, then added.
"The lights woen't come on. The bacup lihgts should have com on affter fifphtein minuts. So they mustav ded too. Tey won't fix tem till they have control agian."

"How many minutes was that? Could you say it again."
Overtime requested.

Levi started to repeat the word fifteen, this time with extra care to get it right.
But Hammer cut him off.
"It doesn't matter. If the lights are ###### then we've got to figure something else out. I for one do not plan to let myself get recaptured, so we have to find some way to reconnect with the others or find our own exit. All we have to do is keep busting down walls until-"

"We are seven thowsand metors under grownd..."

The words dripped slowly from Levi's lips.
Each quietly defeated syllable was easily ignored and talked over.
But then the speculation in the room abruptly died as everyone realized what it was that he had just said.

"What?"
Overtime knew he had heard him correctly, but he asked all the same.
Just in case the answer changed.

"Bull####! How could you possibly know that?"
Hammer demanded to know.

"We woahn't burn."
Levi muttered restlessly.
Though judging by the murmuring, the others hadn't even considered the intense geothermal heat that would be caused by this depth until just now.

He shifted uncomfortably as he explained.
"Some magik thing in the outter walls. I dont undershtand it. Stil need powr to filter air through. If power is owt site wyde, than we hav a few hourrs befor we depleet the oxigen."

A long and painful silence pressed down on Levi.
Making him wonder if it was a bad idea for him to risk starting a panic by telling them.
But what else was he supposed to do?
He was a terrible leader even at the best of times, and they needed to know.

Finally the silence was broken by one long drawn out exclamation of a curse word from Hammer. 

Overtime had the voice of someone who was desperately trying not to panic as he rapidly asked.
"So what? We're doomed? Or are you suggesting we need to start finding our way up to the surface as quickly as possible?"

Levi shook his head rapidly.
Currently he was the only one who could be seen making visual gestures.
"Not up. No chaince. We need to fynd-"
He slowed down for just a moment to put extra care into pronouncing the name correctly.
"-Frank Ricci. He is on tis level somwere… haz powor that can gett us owt maybi."

"What power?"
Overtime had to ask.
If nothing else but to make sure he understood him correctly.

"Telpourt."
Levi chose to make this simple on himself and neglect to mention the finer details of how the teleportation worked.
Frank could explain it himself when they met up with him.

Relieved laughter came from the darkness as a new sense of hope was shared among the small group.
Only Levi wasn't smiling, as he knew just how unreliable Frank's power was.
But it was still their best hope of getting out of here.

"So what now?"
Aiden asked, pleading with sometimes to think of a way to get them to this man who could rescue them.

"Try to walk in a straight line? Sure there may be monsters but you said they'll stay in their rooms right? If we just stay in the hallway we should be fine."
Overtime reasoned.

Levi lifted a hand and made an uncertain gesture.

"Yeah, I'm with Scaly on this one." Hammer begrudged "Have you ever tried to walk in a straight line with your eyes closed? ####s ####ed. One of us is going to drift off course and then it's a one in who knows what chance that they'll walk right into a room without realizing it."

Overtime let out an exasperated sigh.
"That's fair enough. But there isn't a monster in every room, remember? We can probably afford to stumble into a room or two, just so long we aren't combing through every single one. It's an acceptance risk."

"#### no. I don't care how good the odds are, I'm not gambling with my ####ing life."
Hammer protested.

Exasperated with the whole conversation Anna timidly tried to push herself back into the conversation.
"I'm fine. It's fine. I can try to use my power again. I'll be more careful this time. Lizard man, could you close your eyes so you can't see me coming? Your glowing only got bigger when you saw me."

"No. Leave it to the adults. They'll figure something else out."
Aiden insisted.

Hammer took a moment out of her arguing to agree with the boy.
"Yeah. Leave it to the adults."

"The only adults here are me and the lizard guy."
He reminded her before realizing something with a pause.
The direction of his voice changed slightly as he turned towards Levi.
"Speaking of which. We should share names so we even know who we're talking to. I am Mason C. Weather. I'm a beekeeper and blog writer. Or I was before I got kidnapped. What about all of you?"

"My name is-" Aiden began but got shushed by Anna.

"The mask lady said not to tell people our real names." She reminded him.

"Oh yeah."
He agreed, despite the fact that both of them had already mentioned each other's names without realizing it.

"What?" Mason asked, confused.
To which Hammer sighed and decided to explain.

"Look. Me and the twins here were a part of a school trip that got suckered into a real life fairy den. And I'm not talking drugs or some ####. I mean little people with wings who like to speak in rhyme and play ###### up games. We all tried to report it and they drug us. Next thing I know I'm waking up here, they're jabbing me with needles, and I'm breaking things with my ####ing mind!"

Levi could hear the slight wince in his voice as Mason asked.
"Ah geez. So there are more people you know down here? Why can't you guys say your names? Who is this mask lady she's talking about?"

See sighed. "There's like sixty of us including the teachers. But I've only seen a few so far. As for the name thing. There's this lady handing out masks to people… she said they'll protect us somehow? But we can't take them off or tell people our real name or they'll stop working. Honestly, your guess is as good as mine what that means. But hey. I'll take any advantage I can ####### get."

Levi lowered one ear, then the other, as an unconscious expression of confusion and bafflement.
How had they gotten onto small talk?
They seriously needed to focus here and figure out how to get out of this hell hole.
They could introduce themselves later damnit!

He just was about to remind them all of this, when overtime… when Mason asked him.
"What about you scaly? Who were you before you got kidnapped? How do you know so much about what's going on down here?"

"Leevy Ashthin. Aethin? A-thin."
Levi furrowed his eyebrows as he realized this was the first time he had tried to say his own name since the change.
As everyone he talked with up until now had already known who he was.

It didn't matter. 
He shook his head.
"Long storey. Bean heer while."

The silence made Levi really wish he could see any of them.
But after a while Mason coughed politely when it became obvious that he wasn't going to elaborate more than that.
"Okay then… I'll confess I have no idea how to do this. Frankly, for this whole prison break I've just been following the orders from the loudest person who seemed to know what they're doing in any given situation. So uh… maybe we could take a vote on what to do next or…?"

"I still say we just start walking and hope for the best." Hammer said exasperatedly. "The only other option is to let little-miss-light-show get herself electrocuted for the sake of a flashlight."

"I really could-"
Anna's voice was cut off by a small snap of the fingers.

"Why don't we have Leevy just walk ahead of us? That way we can follow his light."
Aiden asked, hopeful that he had figured it out.

Hammer just scoffed.
"Sure. Let's let the living teslacoil walk right past us, and trust that he won't lose it and explode in the process. What a great idea. I'd rather brave the dark."

Overtime groaned loudly.
"For the love of God, can we please just pick a course of action and go with it? We can't just keep sitting here in the dark debating how we're going to-"

A dim blue light appeared further down the hallway. It traveled along the floor like an uncertain spotlight searching for something to shine on. It had no discernible source, and it was flickingly weak. Like a flashlight on the verge of running out of battery power. 

One by one they all noticed it, though Levi had to strain his eyes to see. What made it more visible to him was not the blue shine itself, but the dark silhouette of someone standing between him and it. 

"Is that-?"

"Anna? What did you do?"
Aiden scolded through clenched teeth.

She hushed him.
"I took some light while he wasn't looking. And you weren't supposed to use my name, dummy."
The little girl sounded out of breath, and physically exhausted.
"Hurry, we've only got a few seconds."

Levi heard uncertain footsteps jogging away from him as fast as their hesitation would allow.
He sat there wondering if he should be following after them or what, but soon there came a call from further in.

"Okay so. Leevy was it? We're going to have to start walking towards us. And when you start getting too close we'll tell you stop. Okay? We'll see where we go after… um… Leevy? Where'd you do?"

Levi looked around himself and saw blackness, broken up by only the occasional twinkle of dim blue light. It seemed this small victory had undermined the delicate balance of stress that he needed to maintain his light source.

"Iam still heer. Just ugh…"
Levi really hated emotion based powers. When even growing numb to it all became an inconvenience. He took a deep breath to center his thoughts; Realized that it had the exact opposite effect on his mood from what he needed; and instead started clenching his fists and breathing rapidly in an attempt to squeeze out some more anxiety by mimicking the symptoms of it. He even managed to flatten his ears, which he didn't really know was something that he could do intentionally.

It breathed some more specks into life, but not enough.
He didn't feel calm, but neither could he keep up the high stress needed to produce light. 
He was hovering in the range of a more manageable anxiety.

Ironically, worrying about not being able to worry enough was what helped him recapture that awful stinking feeling in his chest and reignite the sparks.
He then opportunistically used the window of light to move forward. Listening carefully for cues from Mason.

"Further, further, a bit to the left, keep going, maybe a little faster, keep moving, just a bit further, okay stop!"

Levi nearly overbalanced from stopping so quickly, and had to windmill his arms to keep from falling.
But he managed to stay upright.

Levi breathed a sigh of relief, and then just had to laugh at the ridiculousness of it all.
The sound was not what laughing sounded like.
Not even nervous laughter.
It was more like weird labored breathing, or rapid open mouthed puffing of air. 

He hated it, but he was really losing his ability to care.
It felt good to relieve the tension.
Until he opened his eyes to blackness and remembered that he still needed that tension.

"Okay that's perfect. Now just… ah… um… I meant stop walking, not stop glowing. You okay? Where'd you go?"
Overtime sounded worried.

"Heer!"
Levi reassured him monosyllabically.

Mason signed.
"That's good. But um… buddy… I know you don't really have much control over that. But could you try to stay lit up? You're the only thing keeping us out of the dark, so we kinda need you."

Levi wanted to help, he really did.
But despite his general anxiety, the world around him remained dark.
Was there a limit to the amount of electricity he could produce at one time?
Was it possible for him to simply… run out?

The idea made him start to panic, which in turn caused the lights to flare up brightly, which then caused him to breathe a sigh of relief, which then caused the sparks to fade, which left him feeling anxious again.

"There you go. Aaaand you lost it again. Man, your power is inconsistent as hell. Do you have any idea what causes it to trigger? Or does it just go off randomly?"

Levi genuinely could not tell if Mason was trying to be rude and needling, or if he was just honestly saying what was on his mind.

"Feer? Stresss. Anger?"
Levi offered, though he couldn't help but feel that they were going in circles again.

"I see, I see… So you start sparking whenever you get too excited? Is that it?"

Levi realized that he was just nervously feeling around the situation to try to find something he could work with.
But he actually hit on an interesting point that Levi hadn't considered.

Was it only negative emotions that triggered his powers? Or could anything strong enough cause the sparks to appear?

Joy, excitement, pleasure. How much experience did he have with these emotions after the change? Maybe when he was allowed to swim for the first time was the closest he came to feeling extreme joy, but he was under water then. Would the sparks even show up under water? Or would the water simply have carried the current invisibly?

Levi couldn't just be happy, especially not at a time like this. But it got him wondering… What emotions caused his powers to activate?
At first he thought it was anything negative, but that couldn't be right, could it?
Despair, sadness, depression… he had experienced all of them in sizable quantities.
But they didn't cause his powers to flare up unless they were mixed with anxiety or anger.

It was… inconsistent. But these sorts of things just were just inconsistent by nature, weren't they? At least he thought so before…

Levi wrapped his arms around himself. Then paused as a thought crossed his mind. He placed a hand over the left side of his chest and felt his heart beating.

The autopsy reports had mentioned something about the odd anatomy of his heart, hadn't they? Could it be that his powers weren't entirely emotion driven, but instead were based on…

Levi repositioned himself so that he was lying on his back, with his arms tucked behind his head.
He took a breath as he realized he hadn't done the proper warm-up routine for this, but started immediately doing ab crunches anyway.

It felt stupid to be doing this now, but Levi had a theory, and it was better than trying to force his emotions.
If he was right, then he might be able to get some amount of control after all.

He had to get his heart rate up.
Running would have been the best thing for that, but if he felt confident running blindly into the dark then he wouldn't be stuck in the first place.
Jumping jacks could have also been a good choice, but he didn't trust that he had the coordination for that.

So he settled for ab crunches, rather poor ones at that.
Working out had been a hobby of Levi's since even before his wyrding event pulled the rug out from under his feet and forced him to cope with the truth of magic and madness.
He was no gymrat, but he knew enough to know that there was a right and a wrong way to exercise the human body.

Though he wasn't human anymore so it was anyone's guess what would or wouldn't work for him.
He kept feeling like his tail especially was throwing off his form somehow, as he really didn't know what to do with it.

Was he subconsciously pushing against the ground with his tail?
It certainly had enough muscle mass to support a good amount of his weight.
Ab crunches were all about… well… crunching your abs.
Using his tail had to be cheating.
Or maybe not?
Maybe it burned the same amount of calories either way?

Levi let out an annoyed huff as he reminded himself that this wasn't about burning calories or even working out.
His only goal here was to get his heart rate up as quickly as possible.

What was it about ab crunches that made them good for cardio?
Levi… had no clue.
Exercise was a hobby for him, and he hadn't cared too much about the nitty gritty details.
He just wanted to keep in shape without hurting himself, and didn't look any deeper than that.

But for now Levi didn't care if he threw his neck out or something.
If he pulled a muscle then so be it.
He'd have plenty of time to recover from any damage done later.

Levi did not break a sweat as he vigorously exercised on the floor.
Not because the effort wasn't wearing on him, but because his body simply wasn't capable of it.
It was an odd thing to think about, but his lack of human-like sweat glands meant that he was at a greater risk of overheating compared to his former self.

Levi pushed himself fast and hard, trusting that any inefficiencies could be powered through with hard work and effort.
And in no time at all, he felt the effects on his body.
He found himself panting with his tongue stuck out like a dog as he labored, which made him cringe a little, but he didn't bother stopping himself. 

After a while Levi risked a glance at his surroundings.
An unhelpful wave of relief washed over him as he realized that he was surrounded by motes of blue light.
For a moment he saw the lights grow dimmer and less numerous.
But it was more… resilient than before.
The light dimmed, but some of it remained where it should have vanished completely.

Levi let himself lay flat on his back for a moment as he touched his chest.
He felt it beating at an elevated rate.
Though it was slowing down gradually as he caught his breath.
But what was more interesting was that he could practically see the sparks around him dimming at the exact same rate.

So it was true… his powers were connected, at least in part, to his heart rate.
And he has just influenced his power through his own actions, rather than relying on the whims of his emotional state.

What a very small victory.
It wasn't even like he learned to turn his power off, which would have been so much more useful.

And yet…

Levi couldn't help but laugh triumphantly at the sparks he created.
The repeating dry chuffing sound that escaped his chest was not what laughing was supposed to sound like.
But at least he still smiled the same, for all that he had more teeth.

"Don't stop." Overtime encouraged him. "Keep doing push ups. That seems to work."

Levi's smile widened with amusement at the obvious mistake of what type of exercise he was doing.
But he just nodded and continued with his ab crunches.

Levi felt a level of exhilaration well up inside him that was not at all proportional to the situation.
It felt like a dam had been broken inside him and a backlog of joy and triumph had come bursting forth for the first thing worth celebrating.

It made Levi wonder why he hadn't done this before?
Why, in all his board confinement, had he not tried to exercise until just now?
The answer of course was that he had been exercising, quite a lot actually.
It was just the wrong type of exercise.

Because of his lack of motor skills, he had been so focused on slow drawn out activities like standing up and walking around.
On top of that, but his body wasn't actually all that out of shape.
Even when accounting for his increased height, he still had about the same amount of muscle mass as he had before the transformation, possibly even a bit more.

Even now he was struggling to wear himself out, since it was hard for him to move at all.
Not because he was physically weak, but because it was hard for him to maintain the basic coordination required to go through a task.

Perhaps he could just flail around wildly?
That might work?
Or it might just throw his back out…
He didn't know enough about working out to say either way, but he was fairly sure people followed specific exercises for a reason.

"Alright. That seems bright enough. Do your thing little lamp."
Hammer urged encouragingly.

"Ugh. Now I need to wait again."
The frustrated little girl complained with a huff.
"If he knows I'm coming then the lightning goes out farther. Also my name is Mirrors, not little lamp."

Levi slowed his working out for a second when he heard her complaint.
Then promptly continued.
The girl was making a very good point, and seemed to have a fairly simple and pragmatic approach to dealing with him.

So to make it easier on her, Levi resolved to pay as little attention to his surroundings as he could and just focus on his exercise.

Oh sure, he still heard Aiden arguing that Anna should not be doing this. 
As well as the others arguing that if she could pull it off once then she probably could get away with it again.
To which he complained about them switching sides and they started the debate all over again.

Levi intentionally abandoned the conversation as much as he could. 
He still picked up on bits or pieces here or there, but ultimately he tried not to worry about it too much.
That might have been cowardly or selfish of Levi.
But he nearly died at least twice today, and technically he was supposed to be helping recapture them.

So he figured he earned a little bit of blissful ignorance.
If they needed his input they could just call him by name.
Or rather… the close enough approximation of his name that they knew.

Levi absentmindedly made a mental note to learn to say his name properly the next time he was practicing speaking.

The sparks around him dimmed as he allowed himself to get lost in the blessedly menial task of keeping his heart rate up.
It seemed emotions had a bigger effect on his power than just his heart rate.
That being said, Levi could maintain an acceptable electrical field through hard work alone, though it was an uphill battle.

Levi could not break a sweat no matter how hard he pushed himself.
Though he felt a familiar burning sensation in unfamiliar muscles.
And as he pushed himself more and more, he slowly came to realize the flaw in this strategy.
He was going to burn himself out extremely quickly. 

"Yo! Leevy. Get your scaly ### over here."
A distant voice shouted in clear frustration.

Levi painted with his jaw open like a cat as he sat up and looked around for the source of the voice.
He had missed the first few attempts to call him over he was sure, and now they were so much farther ahead of him.

Now that he was paying attention again, Mason called back with a note of relief in his voice.
"We see a light up ahead but it's still a little ways off. Hurry up and follow after us. I'll tell you when to stop again."

Levi stood up, a bit shaky on his feet. He was breathing hard and his heart was pounding. He couldn't see anything. In response to the darkness, his ears strained forward to listen for where the others were. Which was weird, but also completely ineffective. What was the point in having movable ears if they were always going to be cupped towards his skull anyway?

"You're fine, just start walking!"
Mason explained with a definite note of excited impatience in his voice.

Levi wandered forward, relying on directions from Mason telling him when he was swerving off to the side. In no time at all he was being told to stop again.

He still couldn't see this light they were talking about, but that just meant it was being drowned out by the blue sparks which he was having a harder and harder time maintaining.

This whole cycle repeated a few more times. And though Levi was certain he wouldn't be able to maintain this level of stress forever, it turned out they didn't need to.

The group as a whole bickered and squabbled, as they inched further and further along. But eventually they got to the point where they felt confident walking by the dim orangish light in the distance.

They were relieved, and Levi was relieved with them. Especially because he could finally let his mind and body relax. He felt burned out and wanted nothing more than to find somewhere soft and collapse for a long nap. But of course he had to keep his wits about him.

Only the two youngest of their group were uncautious of their destination. The other three knew that they might be walking directly into some fiendish trap. But aside from some meaningful glances that Levi could only see in the form of barely visible silhouettes, none of them voiced their concerns.

It was either that or the darkness, so of course they pressed on. They didn't have any other options.

Levi kept a good distance between him and his companions. But that quickly became something he didn't have to worry about as they picked up the pace faster than what he could reliably move at.

He could have gone faster if he had a wall to hold onto, but he was trying to avoid the open doors.

Mason called out with his hands up. "Don't shoot or whatever. We're peaceful. Even the lizard, though, doesn't stand next to him."

Levi saw silhouetted shapes milling about. But a familiar female voice called out. "Is everyone okay? What about mirrors? I lost her on the way here and there's some big, animal-like thing stalking around in the dark."

Everyone tensed at that and looked around suspiciously. Though there was no sign of the monster she talked about.

Mason was the one to answer her. "If Mirrors is the little light bending girl, then yeah. She's with us."

Hammer chimed in after that. "Also her brother somehow survived the big crystal monster and rejoined back up with us. So we got both smoke and mirrors."

"Oh thank goodness." Minah let out a huge sigh of relief. Then walked forward timidly to meet them in the dark.

She hugged Hammer tightly and then started helping them forward as one of her escorts broke into the conversation. "There's good news finally. We found a way out of here."

The tall man was simply buzzing, and his excitement was contagious as he explained "Turns out there is a guy with a teleportation power that's sending people out of here. Though he can only send one person off at a time, so he's starting with the children first. There's a huge crowd up at the front but we'll all get a chance to get out of here soon."

A few weird looks were cast back Levi's way, but he was just glad they were escaping. And hoping desperately that Frank was actually sending them somewhere safe and not accidently trapping people on other floors of the facility or dumping little kids in the ocean.
The group progressively merged with the larger crowd. And Levi suddenly found himself being guided off to an unofficial… untouchables zone? That was the best way that Levi could describe it.

Him and a little over a dozen other people were separated out from the others and just… spaced out oddly. They were standing with a good few feet between them yet they all had the same body language. That of someone who was nervous that they were too close already.

No one said anything. But Levi immediately got it. They were the ones with touch or aura powers that couldn't be controlled.

Alright. This made sense.

Levi sagged against the wall and just took a moment to exhale a breath that he felt like he had been holding for the past half an hour. He was finally done running around and playing traitor. He has made his choices and now was the time to just wait and see if he made the right ones.

As the crowd hustled and bustled, while discussing the situation and nervously struggling for their chance at getting out of here, Levi was content to simply sit back and watch.

He was somewhat worried about just how many people there were in general. There had to be at least a hundred bodies all told. And not all of them looked entirely human.

Small features like glowing red eyes, odd unnatural skin colors, striped feathers on the neck and elbows, rough blister like patches of flesh colored stone marking the face, small useless insectile wings attached to the hips that flustered around awkwardly, ect, ect, ect.

PVTs. Strange people who had been mutated by the odd matters touch, but not completely twisted by it… no… no that wasn't quite right. Mutations didn't create whole structures like this. This was more like a cartoonish parody of mutation, in which parts were stolen from other animals, mythical cliches, artistic styles, and human imagination in general. 

It was like someone had taken on aspects from a dream that had somehow followed them through to the waking world. Clear, uncanny, nonsense that nevertheless made too much sense in its own way.

Yet for all the strange looking people here, Levi was still one of the most eye-catching. He physically winced as he caught one person after another staring at him in awe, confusion, or fear. It made him feel so uncomfortable, like he was a freak on display. 

Damn scales, damn his height, damn clicking, why did he have to be blue? Levi hissed uncomfortably, discovering a new sound in his instinctual lexicon.

Sparks twinkled around Levi, drawing more attention to him before he took a deep breath and banished them away.

Embarrassment and shame whittled away at what was left of Levi's self esteem. But at this point his sense of dignity had been so thoroughly eroded that he honestly wasn't sure how he could possibly feel any worse about himself. So he just gave up and let his mind wander and dissociated.

It seemed as if the orange glow that led them here was coming from a variety of different sources scattered all throughout the gathering. Levi could clearly see one the kids that had been following metric around earlier standing in front of a small bonfire with his arms outstretched to either side. Beside him was an older fellow that Levi recognized rapidly conjuring popcorn balls and chunking them in as fuel for the fire. It made the home area smell of vanilla, buttery goodness, and burning sugar.

Another older woman was overly passionately playing a cheap plastic recorder flute. Only instead of sound the instrument was spewing colors that danced and swirled around her like slowing rivers of wonder and whimsy.

There were other people as well, like the Asian man who kept cracking his joints to make them glow with a fleeting red light. But most were obscured by the very crowd itself.

There were so many people now. Squeezed in by the darkness it was very quickly starting to feel very crowded.

Thankfully Levi didn't have to warn anyone away from him, as plenty of the other untouchable jumpers had no issues warning people of the horrible things that could happen if they got too close. So he got his space through association.

Though he could have lived without knowing that he was just a few steps away from becoming instantaneously drunk, being compelled to attack some random person he didn't know, or getting the contents of his stomach agonizingly carbonated.

With not much else to do, Levi stood in his spot and listened to people talking. Many were jumpers that he recognized, but others were new. Mostly new young people. That new group seemed to have known each other from before coming here, at least in passing.

No one knew whose side they were on, but there was this pervasive undercurrent of fear and excitement. Especially for the veterans who had been here for years already, and probably never thought they'd see the real sky ever again.

A panicked group project with unreasonably high stakes and rules that kept changing. Everyone was trying to be helpful, and ideas were flowing like water. The only problem was that no one had anywhere close to all the information, and everyone's ideas were clashing with each other.

Almost everywhere he looked Levi saw people moving. Some shouting instructions, others loudly calling for abilities, or advertising abilities that they thought might be useful. Others still had no need to talk at all and were instantly swept up in some tasks to improve the situation for all. People like Mason, who's healing ability could instantly be put to good use.

By contrast, people like Levi were a liability rather than an asset. And so they were shuffled off to the side where they wouldn't get in the way. It was sensible and pragmatic, and Levi agreed with the decision wholeheartedly. But it still stange a little regardless. 

As Levi sat on the sidelines, carefully micromanaging the space between him and the other untouchables, he noticed the composition of the crowd changing. The number of visible children running around was dwindling, and some of the teenagers were gone too.

He had noticed Minah reuniting with her group and moving towards the center. Though he never got a good look at anyone as they were sent off.

Though despite the steady pace of departures, it was becoming clear that they weren't making much headway in cutting down on the number of people crammed into the hallway. And that was because people just kept coming in.

Apparently it had slowed down ever since the lights went out. But people kept arriving in small groups with access to a light source of some kind. Or someone capable of finding their way through the darkness. Others still just blindly stumbled forward, making all the arguing from earlier seem rather pointless indeed.

The crowd dwindled and swelled, then dwindled, then swelled again. Until someone decided that there were enough new people that someone had to fill them in on what was going on.

A man stood up on something that made him taller. A step stool? Or a pile of something? It didn't matter. All that mattered was that he was above the crowd and could be seen by everyone as he cupped his hands and shouted with a voice that was too loud and carried unnaturally far. It didn't have the tinny ring of a megaphone, and he didn't even sound like he was screaming. It was like he was raising his voice slightly but standing right next to you as he explained.

"Hello everyone. Um… as you may have noticed we're getting out of here! And it's all because of this guy."

The crier pointed down to a short child whose dark hair was practically invisible underneath the crowd. A small hand waved and the crier continued.

"Breach here is the one who's been hacking into their systems and opening all the doors. So give him a round of applause."

The speaker seemed to cringe at that as it was obvious he was not actually comfortable with public speaking. But the crowd awkwardly obliged him, until one man shouted a question. Having to strain his throat and hurt the ears of the people around him just to compete with the speaker.

"Where's the lights?"

The speaker bent down towards the people who actually knew what was going on and took the answer from them before returning to his loud voice.

"We don't know. We think one of us might have broken it somehow, but we don't have confirmation on that yet. Breach says that the power outage is affecting this floor and all the floors below it. So unfortunately, some of us are going to be left behi-"

His voice faltered at that and he swallowed hard before forcing himself to continue. 

"We currently have search parties looking for everyone that they can. So if you want to help and have a power that's useful for locating people, make your way up to the front. If you are able to find anyone else who isn't unreasonably violent and dangerous, bring them back here." 

Levi wondered if he should be volunteering. But when he thought about all the issues he had just getting here, he decided that his power was too problematic for that.

The speaker continued.
"As for the rest of you, just sit tight and wait here. We've got a man who can get us out. But I don't lie to you. It isn't perfect. He can only move so many people so fast, and he can't choose where he'll bring you. So there is not an insignificant chance that you'll end up right back down here."

Immediately it became clear who in the crowd had already heard this message before. Because the reaction from the new arrivals was intense.

Someone actually had to get between the speaker and the crowd to protect him as for the first time his voice took on a more raised quality in response to the shouting.

"Most people should appear somewhere on the island outside. But if you are one of the unlucky ones, then there may still be time for you to make your way back to this spot and try again. We're going to try to keep moving people around until the very last second. So don't give up until you're free or they have you locked up again!"

Most of the crowd had heard all this already, but the shock and anxiety stuck with everyone. Levi already knew how Frank's power worked from the start, but he was unique in that he didn't really care if he personally escaped or not. 

He expected that to be the end of that. But the crier had more to say. "We all need to work together if we are going to get through this, and part of that is discussing a plan of action. But it is highly advised that you do not give out your real name to others if you can help it."

That threw Levi for a loop, but he had seen some president for this earlier so he had some idea of what was coming even if he didn't understand the specifics of it.

The crier took something from someone next to him and waved a fist full of paper around for the crowd to see.
"These masks have been infused with the power of one of our members. They'll help protect some of us from being recaptured, but the chances of them working go down the more people know who's wearing them. Something about splitting identities? Honestly, she's explained to me twice now and I still don't get it."

He seemed confused as someone talked to him and then in frustration took his place. Practically dragging him off whatever pile he was standing on and awkwardly climbed atop it herself. The woman was tall, pale if skin, and had dark black hair. She looked beautiful, albeit in a disheveled almost sickly way.

She had marks on her face where multiple piercings used to be, and a flimsy paper mask immediately covering her face. She looked like someone with a passion for making homemade jewelry and watching ravens. Everything about her just clashed horrifically with the bright orange jumpsuit she was wearing. 

Unlike the crier, her heavily accented voice didn't carry nearly as far, and she had to properly shout to be heard. But she wasn't shy and got her message across.

"The people who kidnap us, they give us names. They name us for our powers, then forget the names we had before. They named me masquerade, because I can make these."

She held up one of her flimsy paper masks and held it up for people to see.

"With this they forgot. I separate the name they gave you from the name you have before. The mask becomes your face in their mind. They will only remember you as the name and the mask. A false identity."

She pointed up.
"Once free. Take the mask off. Never tell anyone your fake name. Become yourself again. So long as the illusion isn't broken, they won't recognize you. You will be able to hide in plain sight as they look for the person they named. The one with the mask. Not you."

Levi blinked. An identity themed prescription filter? He vaguely remembered hearing about a power like that, but she wasn't someone who had ever been on his route he was sure. Unless she had split her identity before now? If that was the case then who was she?

A few people sprang to mind who had powers that messed with memory and perspiration. But none of them were her, and he gave up fairly quickly. There was no sense trying to recognize someone when they were protected by an ability that made it impossible. 

Not only that but it was also quite likely that he truly hadn't ever seen her in his life. Redgate was a big place after all, and it wasn't like they changed up the routines all that much if they could help it. So you typically saw the same segment of people over and over.

There wasn't much in the way of announcements after that. A few calls here and there, mostly to reassure people, demand order, or ask for assistance. And occasionally they would stop to recap what they had already said for new arrivals. But for the most part it seemed as though he was caught up.

Levi couldn't really be much help, and didn't have anything to do but wait around in the dim light of the camp. So he sat down and just listened to the chatter of the crowd. Everywhere you looked there were people shouting out requests for powers of a particular type, or advertising a power that they had which might be useful to someone. The whole place almost felt like some vast marketplace or auction in a way.

People slowly sifted out one by one. But the crowd barely thinned as the scouting parties brought in more stragglers again and again. Still it did thin, as there were only so many people to find. 

Arguments were starting to break out in the crowd as people debated who should be next now that the children were mostly gone. Others were questioning if the whole situation was secretly a trap, and debating if it was even worth the risk.

Then the discussion really started to heat up when one of the recon teams came back with a kid who had already been sent off only to wind up lost in the dark again.

Everyone knew it was an option, but a new sense of anxiety washed over people with each failed send off. It got them rightly wondering about those who didn't get the chance to be found again. How many people were lost, or delivered to the blue vests?

Levi knew that Frank's power wasn't entirely random. He could skew the results so that things didn't end up falling from the sky, stuck in walls, or too far out in water. But this was poorly explained to the crowd leaving it up in the air exactly how dangerous it was.

Fights had broken out amongst different groups arguing over the situation and some people quietly decided to look for their own way out. But thankfully most choose to stay and cling to the only hope they had.

Time crawled by and yet at the same time everything seemed to be moving so fast. Everywhere he looked Levi saw some new drama unfolding or being resolved, but he didn't have a part to play in any of it.

He just sat on the floor and pondered to himself what he was going to do. It was agonizing and nerve racking, but also exciting and liberating. He still felt a bit conflicted about supporting the break out, but no matter how he looked at it he couldn't see it as anything other than the right thing to do.

This was a dream come true in a way. Levi has often fantasized about rescuing these people. About opening the doors and sneaking out who he could. But in truth he had always been too afraid to do anything more than talk to them. 

He wasn't a hero… he was a coward with nothing to lose. Not only that but he also had little left to gain either. What was he going to do with freedom even if he got it? Swim around in the ocean and live out the rest of his days as a local cryptid that sailors told tall tales about?

That… sounded really nice actually… maybe?...
Levi shook his head and bashed the side of his skull with his palm a few times. That wasn't him, he reminded himself. He had never once been fascinated by the sea when he was human. But now…

The desire to swim was like a compulsion. An odd addiction that had somehow crept up on him without him really realizing it. It scared him, and made him feel extremely self conscious about what he was. The idea that his transformation was anything other than purely physical haunted him to no end.

How much had he really changed? It was too late to ignore the thought or shove it off to the side now that it had crossed his mind. He had known for a while that there was at least something different about him.

Was it just a result of the trauma? That was almost preferable. But unfortunately Levi was finally having to admit to himself that it was more than that. He had felt it before correctly identified the problem a few times but never connected it to the wider issue.

Levi had a new set of instincts. They weren't any stronger than they were before. Levi was just as good at managing his baser impulses as he was when he was human. And they weren't even all that different from the instincts he was used to. Which is why he didn't have to come to grips with them sooner. Yet they were still different all the same, and Levi felt immense distress every time he encountered a feeling that didn't match his expectations.

Was it just his instincts? Or had his personality changed too? His coworkers certainly seemed to think he was still him. But how much had they really been able to say to each other? Levi had his old memories, and he knew who he was before. But did that just make it easier for him to fool himself and others? Was his inability to talk properly preventing people from noticing that there was something off about him?

Levi began to panic as he asked himself. Would they have even told him? If he found himself talking to a stranger with his friends' memories… then he probably wouldn't be in a hurry to say that to them.

Blue sparks flickered around him as the nearby untouchables were given a demonstration as to why he was here with them. And not with the rest of the bustling crowd.

People were still slowly draining away but rather than giving him space to think it simply served as a reminder that he was eventually going to have to make a decision. Stay or go? What did he want? Who was h-

"You okay there bud?" A concerned voice remarked.

Levi looked up from where he was sitting and realized that there was a guy looking at him. He had an unkempt bushy white beard and a crooked nose that was lightly bleeding into it. The air between them seemed slightly misaligned somehow, as if the world itself was cracked. But he seemed genuinely worried.

"I…" Levi ckrocked, before without thinking he just  blurted it out. His voice burdened by dry tears "ey donet know hwo I amnymore."

Levi hated the way the man seemed surprised at getting a response. Were you- he nearly said before catching himself. The question he was about to ask died in his mouth as he took stock of the situation and chose different words.

"I don't know who ye are either. But I know one thing ye ain't… you ain't alone."
The man smiled a bitter sweet smile.

"I was twenty-eight and still grieving the loss of my woman when they snatched me off my porch. Didn't do nothing to no body. Yet they threw me in a box, broke the world around me, and promptly forgot I existed for years." 
That kind smile twitched into a pain filled grin as tears began to stream down his face and his voice cracked with emotion.

"I havern't seen the sun since… I don't even know how long it's been. I've been so alone for so long that… I don't care who or what ye are. Ye talk and ya listen. You're a person same as aye, despite what they might have treated us like. So hang on just a littl longer. We're almost out of this nightmare. Almost."

Levi took another look at this man. He had no clue who he was. Maybe he had passed by him once or twice in the six years that he had worked here.

Six years…

If you included the comma then it was pushing seven years since the day his life was flipped upside down.  
 
It seemed so long… so much of his life was pressed down into that space of time. Horrible things… but… not just horror. Against all the odds he managed to find love and happiness. And he was happy with Margaret. She was his rock, his anchor that kept him grounded and gave him somewhere to retreat to.

It hurt to lose her. Even now it hurt so badly that Levi didn't think he could bear it any longer. But as he watched this man bare his heart out to reassure a complete stranger. He was reminded of just how lucky he was to even have the memory in the first place.

The fact that others had suffered more than him didn't erase what Levi was going through. But the man didn't mention his pain to try to compete with Levi or silence him. Rather he simply wanted someone to relate with him, to know his burdens.

Levi looked at the ground as the sparks faded around him. And he realized that he was being foolish again. He was worrying about the same old anxieties that plagued day to day thoughts. When what he really should be focusing on was the palpable sense of hope and excitement.

Because at the end of the day, life went on.

Levi experimentally reached out towards the thin fractured lines that surrounded his untouchable neighbor. As he did he watched the man's expression to gauge exactly how screwed he would be if he touched them.

The man looked confused and a bit alarmed. But he didn't raise his voice in warning, just gave him a pleading look as if to ask. 'are you sure you want to do that?' Which Levi foolishly judged as being bad, but not life changingly bad.

Gingerly he hooked a claw against the delicate looking fracture, and to his surprise felt some amount of resistance there. And if the crack was an impossibly taut wire string. He applied more pressure to see if it could bend or be moved and discovered that this anomaly was actually rather sharp.

It was already cutting into his hard black talons with such a small amount of force. And this was just one fracture among many surrounding this poor man. It reminded Levi why they were so cautious to light their way as they were traveling. Because simply walking past this man at a regular speed would have almost certainly lead to pretty serious lacerations. Not much better than the ones that had nearly killed him earlier today thanks to Chris.

As Levi pulled his hand back he saw the man take a half step back and let out a breath that he was holding. As he did Levi noticed the cracks shifting around as if responding to his movements.

"Yep. Pretty nasty ain't it? Can't get rid of the stuff sadly, so you'll have to keep anything you like the outer bits of, away from me. But that won't bring me down. I make due with what the Lord gave me." The man put extra emphasis on the word 'lord'. Almost as if he was honoring a freshly made promise to God to be more religious after he realized that there was hope for escape. 

"Dont moov." Levi instructed as he shakily sat up and got to his feet.

"What are you-" the man started before sucking in his breath in shocked response to seeing Levi set up, and duck under the outermost crack in the world.

What was he doing?! Levi's brain was screaming at him in valid protest as he carefully ducked and weaved passed the hard to see wire thin distortions. This was such an idiotic move that was sure to end badly for one of them. His actions went against all good sense. Yet still he couldn't bring himself to regret what he was doing.

Sharp ridges scraped against Levi's arms and legs, though the worst was his damn tail trying to sway in its usual patterns. He hated that on principle, but it was especially unreal and unhelpful now that he was trying to crawl through the equivalent of razor wire. He felt like the protagonist of a spy movie, ducking and weaving between lasers. Only instead of burning him or seeing off an alarm, the lines were cutting his tail up and shaving off the top layers of the scales on his limbs.

It hurt, but it wasn't causing any real damage so long as he moved slowly. He was able to keep pushing forward, though the distortions he was avoiding got denser as he got closer to the man. 

The man wasn't moving even half an inch, for fear of accidentally moving the lines and dragging them across Levi while he was nestled between them. He was practically holding his breath in stunned confusion as he watched Levi squeeze in closer. He wasn't afraid of him, since all it would take would be one step backwards to end him. But he was deeply unsure of what this strange sad blue thing was hoping to accomplish.

Levi was not sure himself what he was doing. He was acting on pure impulse, and was well aware that thinking about it at this point could only possibly serve to make the situation worse. 

He pushed in deeper and pressed himself against a tangled net of imaginary razor wire, just so that he could reach out and wrap his arms around the teary eyed man who had not felt the touch of another human being for multiple decades in a row.

Levi was not human. So he could only hope that his scales might act as a suitable substitute as he hugged the man and tried to comfort him. It seemed like a nice gesture in his head, but now that he was here he was beginning to think it was a bit awkward.

He could feel the man standing there stiff as a board, was tense and unmoving, and he felt awfully thin. He also seemed rather small compared to Levi, though he had to remind himself that most people did nowadays.

After a few seconds Levi decided that he probably overstepped a boundary and felt a wave of guilt wash over him. He started to pull away and was just about to apologize when he realized that something was holding him in place.

One of the cracks?

No… if it was one of the distortions then it would be much thinner and much sharper. This was something else. The man had grabbed ahold of him and was pulling him closer with a hungry, overwhelmed look on his face.

The man needed this more than Levi could have known. So he forgot his awkwardness and just stayed like that for a while. The fractures were pressed up against him on all sides, so it was hardly a comfortable position to stay in. But that hardly mattered to Levi right now.

The man felt small and frail as he sobbed into Levi's arms. He was in the middle of an emotional breakdown, which Levi could not relate to, but could definitely understand.

Levi had only felt skin against his scales a couple of times so far, and it was still a strange sensation for him. But then again… there was very little of his new body that didn't still feel weird to him. So he just relaxed and allowed himself to feel what he felt.

Every second that they stayed this close to each other posed a risk that one of them was going to accidentally hurt the other. Both of them knew this, yet neither one seemed willing to break up the hug.

The man needed this. And only halfway through the hug, had Levi realized that he needed it too. He felt so lonely and isolated for so long. Not only because of his speech impediments interfering with his ability to communicate, but also because of the unpredictable nature of his power.

"Whach name?" Levi asked sloppily.

The man let out a soft grunt of surprise, and then after a short pause of him trying to decide if him talking might upset the delicate balance they had going on. 

"Simon…" he answered softly. Before cursing under his breath. "S##t! I wasn't supposed to tell you that, was I?"

Levi chuckled his odd hissing chuckle and cut his back a bit in the process. He winced a little, but didn't break the hug. 

There was something uncomfortably intimate about their embrace. If they were close friends then it would have been fine, but the fact that they were both complete strangers made it awkward. It really did seem as if both of them had accidentally opened up to the other far more than they had originally intended to. And yet at the same time, they knew next to nothing about each other save for their shared trauma.

At this point Levi would have broken the hug off. But the cracks still threatened the air around him making him hesitant to move.

Simon seemed all too willing to just stand there for hours. But another part of him knew that they had stayed separated for a reason. And not knowing half of that reason was starting to worry him.

He seemed like he was trying to think of how to ask, so Levi just went ahead and said it. "Iam like electic eel. I go zap whhen I get nervos."

Simon looked equal parts concerned and relieved at that. Though he was still stiff as could be. "Well that isn't so bad. At least ye get to be around people while you're calm."

The man nearly shook his head, but caught himself and remained motionless. "Wait, that makes it sound like I'm tryin to one up ye in misery. Sorry. Ye experience is just as valid as anyone else's. Er…"

Levi winced slightly. Simon was showing a painfully familiar tendency to overthink a situation until it got unworkably awkward. Was this… was this what he seemed like to other people? 

He had no clue what to do now. But it seemed more and more like he could do with being more spontaneous. So Levi did the first thing that came to mind, and shushed him. "Itsh fine. Your ryte. It rwally isn't that bad. Ist more scaery than anithing."

He was half lying to reassure his new friend, and half telling the truth to reassure himself. His power really was harmless most of the time. They proved it with mice and the occasional visit from Ben Callbatch. The lightning would flow through people, but it wouldn't do any of the damage it was supposed to. Then again… he also knew for a fact that it could also harm under the right circumstances. 

Guilt stabbed Levi like a knife to the chest and he once again prayed that the young man he zapped was going to be okay. 

Then he felt Simon very gingerly move his arms so that he could hug him back, and squeeze him tightly. It was slightly dangerous, as Levi felt some of the wires of broken space ease up and others dig in deeper. He had to shift himself around a bit to relieve the pain caused by this new arrangement, but he found something that wasn't unbearable. Just so long as he didn't forget to keep his tail still that was.

It was unnerving, inconvenient, and uncomfortable. But it was worth it for the sense of social comfort.

"Scary? Ya that tracks." Simon squeezed him even harder "Best not ta think about it too much then. Better to move forward from where ye are now and hope fer the best."

"Yeah…" Levi agreed. Though he was still worried about the risk of losing himself.

After a thoughtful pause Simon continued.
"Let's start with a name. Do ye have one? I know ye said you didn't know who you were anymore so… If ye need a name ye can always make one up. In fact, we were supposed to make up names anyway! So it doesn't matter if ye can't remember-"

"Levi." He interjected, a bit overly forceful. This time he took special care to pronounce the word correctly. "I'm Levi Athin."

The man smiled and nodded so slightly that Levi wouldn't have recognized it if he wasn't touching him, before his brows knit together and he asked, "Is that ye real name? Or was that the name they gave ye? I think we were supposed to use code names so…"

Levi rolled his eyes as he remembered what his code name was. "Rreal name. But it docent matter. She said the masq wouldnt work for me anywai."

Simon was taken aback by that. "Ye met her already? But she's one of the main group. The ones who broke us out!" There was a level of hero worship in his voice that was fully understandable yet still slightly off putting.

Levi nodded all he could given his limited space to move, and shifted his stance a bit to give one leg a break from the cutting pressure at the expense of the other. "Ye. Only four a sekond though."

Simon's face lit up with excitement. "What was she like? Was she alone or was she with the others? Did ye see the boy? The one who can open the doors? What-"

A loud metallic click made everyone jump at once, as blindingly bright lights snapped back on everywhere at once. The crowd unanimously cheered at being able to see again. Even if pretty much everyone was adjusted to the dark at this point so the normal lighting actually made it harder to see for now.

Simon winded and Levi closed his eyes. But they both shared thankful acknowledgments of the improvement.

It didn't sound like anyone knew who got the lights back on. But no one knew why they went out in the first place either. So there wasn't much to do but be grateful that they could see clearly again.

"Oh wow!" Simon exclaimed "Ye look like a kids toy."

Levi's ears flicked down and he gave his new friend a hurt expression. The man's statement was as accurate as could be, but it still pained his already shattered ego.

Simon was quick to reassure him. "That's not a bad thing lad. The whole point of those toys is to look cool."

Levi let out a small amused snort at the backpedaling compliment. It was a comfortably human sound, just so long as it didn't turn into an actual full laugh.

"So what now?" Levi asked. Somehow managing to get through the question without butchering any of the words. Obviously he could have done it with time and effort, but the fact that could say three correct words in a row without babysitting each one was incredible to him.

Simon looked like his heart rate picked up a few beats per minute, as he correctly recognized that Levi was starting to lose patients for the embrace they were sharing. Yes, Levi was hungry for physical contact too. But he was nowhere near as desperate for human connection as Simon was.

Levi pulled away just slightly, and Simon's grip tightened. It wasn't a threatening gesture, but his knuckles were white as he clung to him. He didn't say anything, but Simon was silently pleading with him.

It made Levi a bit uncomfortable but he chose to stay just a bit longer for his sake. Because he had to admit… he probably wasn't going to do this again.

This stunt had truly been an idiotic idea. There was a good reason why they were sectioned off from everyone else. All it would take is one small step backwards and Levi would be done for. Frankly it was a miracle that he even got this far in the first place.

It felt like he had several different knives pressed against his scales. So his body was more than ready to get out of this situation. But even that was going to require him to really cautiously brave the wires to painstakingly escape from the tangled net he found himself in.

And that was assuming he even could go out the same way he came in. It could be that he was trapped like a fish in a one way net.

The thought of being trapped made Levi anxious, which in turn made him even more anxious still. The last thing either of them needed right now was him losing his composure and becoming a living teslacoil. Though thankful he still hadn't fully recharged from his earlier emotional exhaustion.

Levi did some breathing exercises and tried to just focus on keeping his heart rate down. The hug was actually helpful for that, for all that it was overdrawn.

The silence stretched on for a while. Before Simon guilty broke the silence and tried to engage in some small talk. "So… erm… where are ye plannin' on going after we get out of here?"

Levi squirmed uncomfortably as this was the question that was haunting him. He desperately did not want to think about it or consider its implications at all. "I… I dont…"

…

Simon waited patiently for an answer that never came. Then, once it became clear that the question wasn't going to be answered, he decided to move the conversation along. "It's okay. I don't have a place to go either. I suppose I could head home? Though there is no way mom and dad are still living in that old apartment. They might not even be-"

He suddenly froze as he had a thought that he never even considered until now. His voice caught in his throat as he forced the words out just to get them over with and fill the silence. "They might not even be alive anymore. How old would they even be at this point?"

Levi had no answer to that. How could he? He didn't know anything about this man or his relationship with his parents. All he wanted to do was comfort him, even though the last time he tried to do that got him trapped in a hug with a stranger.

Levi signed… the way he saw it he could either try to squeeze free from this interaction and return to standing around waiting for whatever came next. Or he could stay where he was and try to make Simon less of a stranger.

It was a tough choice until he remembered that staying would be a good excuse to not think about his place in the escape.

So he did something simple and basic, but also hard to do sometimes. He asked for me details. "Tell me abowt them."

Simon nearly broke into tears again, but he kept his composure. "Oh where do I begin? It's been so long… my dad was a garbage man and my mom had a side job with woodcarving. Little toy animals. Yome know? They brought me and my little sister up in central Wisconsin in some small town that was mostly gas stations."

Levi listened to the man ramble on about his parents and his childhood. Bouncing around from topic to topic but also reliving moments and mourning the loss of others. It wasn't the kind of story one would ever write in a book. Aside from the story of when he accidentally discovered a half goat man who was running from wizard police, his life story was fairly unremarkable. 

But he seemed desperate to skip over the more fantastical portions of his life in favor of reminiscing about bittersweet nostalgia. And quite frankly? Levi actually appreciated that more. He had his fill of excitement and crazy nonsense for one lifetime. It felt good to hear about some more everyday type things.

They talked and talked about little things. Levi mostly listened as his speech impediments made it difficult for him to participate in the conversation. But that didn't mean he was entirely silent though. He shared a few short quips of his own childhood which surprised Simon. Apparently he had been under the impression that Levi had lost his memories. Which. Made sense given that Levi was in the middle of an identity crisis when they met.

Simon was immediately curious to hear everything that Levi had to say. Which was a bit of a problem because talking was such a chore for him. Still, he told some more tales of living with his mom and listening to his grandfather talk about how thankful he was that his passport was stolen. Because it caused him and his family to delay their plans to move back to Germany and quite accidentally avoid the Holocaust.

Yet for the most part Levi's stories were also rather pedestrian and boring. He could have told any number of fantastical stories that would have been so gripping to a casual audience. But they didn't want to talk about or listen to adventure stories. What they missed was the quiet forgettable days where nothing much happened.

Levi thought about telling the story of how he met his wife Margaret. But all of his stories took about four times longer to tell than normal. And Simon was still low key wrestling with the realization that Levi once was a human.

No doubt he had countless questions about what being turned into a monster was like. But thankfully he saw how uncomfortable the whole topic was for Levi, and avoided it entirely.

The awkwardness of their overly long hug slowly dissipated as the two of them held their conversation and got to know each other better. They didn't talk about anything deep or traumatic, in fact they both avoided any topic that seemed to push the other's comfort zone. Because even though this conversation started with shared trauma, they both desperately needed some time to just have a simple conversation. They had to remember what it was like to just be normal people again and hold onto that feeling.

It felt nice. Just to talk. To interact and feel heard. To forget the stress, the madness, the wires cutting into the tail you weren't supposed to have, the dwindling time before the escape continued and uncertainty was realized.

Until then they talked about baseball, old cartoons, and any other meaningless nothing's that they could find a shared interest in.

It was nice… even if the blood was being cut off from Levi's shins. Eventually though Levi's tolerance for discomfort finally ran out. He wanted to keep the conversation going, but he just had to get out of this web of nonsense first.

"Hold on. I kneed to set down. Just… give mie a sechend." Levi explained apologetically as he gingerly lifted Simon's arm off of his shoulder.

Even that slight motion of Simon's body was enough to cause the whole network of fractures to pull in every random which way. As if they were connected together by some incomprehensibly complex network of strings.

It was a strange feeling, moving someone else's arm and having your tail forcibly pulled to one side as a direct result. Then again, his tail always felt weird and his whole body had to be readjusted to fit the slight change in the already overly tight arrangement.

Simon made a strangled sound before sighing in defeat. "I suppose that's more than fair. Thank ye for coming in to meet me, I have to say I enjoyed yer company."

Levi really wanted to stop and wait for the man to say his bit. Since it was a bit rude to just take off. But he was in pain and had been for a while. He couldn't keep it together any longer, he had to get out of this web of knives as soon as he could. For his own sanity if nothing else.

Simon tried not not wince as he watched Levi slowly back away. Ducking backwards under distortions and finding a path through painful trial and error. 

He had to move so slowly or else the thin cracks in reality would dig into his flesh and flay his flesh from his bones. But that logical need for caution was juxtaposed by the anxious desire to get out of here as quickly as possible. And that agitation only got worse every time he found a new hazard by walking into it. 

The distortions were not invisible, but they weren't exactly entirely obvious either. So it was like he was playing a confusing high stakes game of limbo, as he twisted around and used his body to find the very knives he was trying to avoid.

Levi realized he was bleeding in a few places. It was hard to tell since he was already covered in blood from earlier in the day, but there were places on his scales lines of fresh blood were intermingled with the older dry stuff.

It hurt disproportionally to the actual damage, as his injuries were little more than paper cuts. He was in no danger of bleeding out again, but the irritation made him agitated and jumpy. Which was horribly unproductive considering he was trying to extract himself from a thicket of prickly sharpness.

Thankfully the weave of sharp fractures grew less dense the farther away he got from Simon. And with more room between fractures Levi was able to move faster until he finally hit a breaking point where he could just walk normally between avoidable threads.

Once Levi was certain he was fully free he allowed himself to relax. He stretched his arms out and heard his joints pop with a satisfying sound. Immediately he gave in and allowed his poor tail to start flicking freely again as it always seemed inclined to do. Normally he hated that it did that, but it was refreshing to finally let go after forcibly holding it stiff for so long.

He was so thankful that he pushed himself to learn to walk as hard as he did. Because that was a nightmare for someone as clumsy as him. If he had lost his balance at the wrong point then… 

Levi's ears twitched as it dawned on him just how big of a risk that little stunt actually was. A fall probably wouldn't have killed him outright. But the injuries certainly wouldn't have been superficial. He wasn't going to get another magic healing treatment. He already had his one save from Overtime's power, and from what he could remember it was a horrific experience. He wasn't exactly sure on the details, as it was like his brain was actively trying to protect itself from the trauma by refusing to commit any of it to long term memory. But he was fairly certain it involved drowning or something? Honestly he didn't have to know, so he didn't want to know. 

The point was that magical healing was off the table so he had to be more careful with himself… unless that other healer was around somewhere? Didn't someone say there were two?

"Ye good?" Simon asked as Levi was just standing there. Lost in thought and swaying on his feet.

Levi blinked as he was snapped back to reality. He looked back at Simon and stumbled a bit. He looked like he had just finished stretching as well. Poor guy was frozen stiff the whole time. Which was good, because even the fairly small motions of him shifting his weight from foot to foot was enough to cause those threads around him to twist like some sort of subtly fractal kaleidoscope.

There was no way that he wouldn't have tripped if it was shifting like that while he was moving through it.

Simon put his hands on his hips as he observed his friend just standing there, swaying like a drunk man. "Aren't ye going to sit down?" He asked, almost a little indignantly.

Levi looked around like an idiot before he moved to sit down. The unchecked thrashing of his tail threw off his balance and he went down in a way that he wasn't intending to. But he was okay, aside from a slight bit of bruising on his right hips.

Yep… definitely wasn't going to go into that razor wire death trap again.

"Levi! Are you okay Levi?" Simon asked with a nervous rush of helpless worry.

Levi responded by giving him a thumbs up gesture, after straightening out to be lying on the ground. He really hated waiting around like this, but he was pretty used to having nothing to do by this point. 

He usually filled that time with alternate practice taking and walking. So he figured he might as well do that now. And if he was going to be talking anyway…

"I am maried." Levi said unprompted. Then he closed his eyes and focused on controlling his words. "Her name is Margaret."

He didn't ever sound like his brain told him he was supposed to sound. But sometimes he got closer to sounding like a human, and less like a taking sea lion. His wife's name was an especially well practiced word, but it still didn't fit right in his mouth.

"We met a few years ago. It was my first year on the issland. I was moved here… for work and wasn't doing well mentally." Levi snickered a bit bitterly "I guess I'have never been good with my emotions. Hu?"

Simon listened from where he was. Straining a bit to hear Levi over the commotion of everyone else talking. Though things were seeming significantly less crowded than it was before.

"We met at the bank. I would have liked to say that our first meeting was something special. But it was about as boring as you get. She made a joke about my hat and we talked about the weather and stuff. It was the sort of thing you do to fill time until the tellers get back, but don't remember the next day. That would have been the end of it, but we kept running into each other. I always recognized her first because she is bad at faces. When ever we met we talked for longer than the last time and learned more about each other."

Levi started this story off as just a continuation of his conversation from earlier. Since it was nice to talk about this sort of thing. But it quickly turned into one of his speaking lessons. He was on a roll as far as legible words, and making good time too. 

Speaking like this took an immense amount of concentration and focus. But the fact that he could do it at all was incredible progress. If he kept this up he would be back to casually speaking like a normal person in no more than 
two months! Which was an awesomely liberating thought.

"One day she saw me across the street, crossed over to walk beside me, and asked if I was doing anything that day. When I said no she invited me to get a cofi-" Levi tripped over the word coffee since he hadn't practiced it, but instead of stopping to repeat it until he got it right, he simply moved on. 

"I was really depperessed at the time. So doing something outside of my rootteen was like finding rain in a desert. I think she knew I was having a bad day too. Either that or she just thought I was hot and wanted to know if I was single. She is that kind of woman you know? She knows what she wants and does not play games about it."

Levi smiled in a painful wistful way as a nostalgic melancholy settled on his chest. "I like to think that was when we really first met. Before that day we just knew each other. But then we actually opened up in a deeper way. We learned that we were nothing like each other. But in a way that just… clicked. You know? Like we both had too much of something that the other lackd."  

Simon nodded instantly. An expectant look on his face as he listened to Levi ramble on.

"We started date'ing after that. She really helped me get out of a dark place. Gave me something to look forward to when ever I came home. I can't imagine what she saw in me that she put up with me for so long. But I know she would'nt have stayed if she did'nt like what we had. So it must have been something I guess."

"Ye sell yourself short." Simon insisted, "You've got many good qualities. You're kind, and caring. And brave too. Who else would go from mid freak-out to risking their life to hug a stranger who said something nice to them?"

Levi pressed his lips together awkwardly. Personally he considered what he did to be a huge mistake, so it was weird being praised for it. Also, he wondered how quickly this man would change his toon if he knew that Levi had played a role in keeping them imprisoned down here…

The ethical thing would be to tell him… but it seemed that Levi was nothing if not cowardly. So he just shrugged and gave a non committal. "Maybe…" before continuing on with his story.

"We date'd for about two years. Then I ended up moving in with her since her apart'ment was nice than mine. We basic'ally became a married couple naturally over time. At some point I just noticed that we were already committed without us noticing. So one day I asked her if she wanted to make it official. Weirdly enough, at no point was I worried that she would say no. If anything our wedding was more like us going back to tick off a step we forgot. Not that it wasnt a nice wedding. It was a beautiful party, and a day I will never forget."

Levi sat up a bit, alarmed as he remembered something. "I had an tablet with pictures on it. I could show you…" he winced "if I had brought it with me."

Levi was seriously debating going back to find it. But considering everything he went through to get to this point, he decided that it was best not to risk it. Especially since a truly impressive number of people had vanished without him noticing. So there was no guarantee that this escape option would still be here when… or rather if… he came back.

Simon looked disappointed that he couldn't see the pictures, and sympathetic for Levi. "Oh well that sucks. I'm sorry."

Levi looked at his hands and wondered how he could forget something so important. But since there was nothing to be done about it now, he simply laid back down on his back and continued as if nothing has happened.

He was certain that Simon wasn't the only one who was listening to him talk. The once ever present din of conversation was slowly waning as more and more people vanished, plus it wasn't like he could keep his voice all that low. Not only because his audience was a good distance away from him, but also because he was trying to control the structure of his words far more than the volume.

"It'is fine." Levi lied. "We've… we were married for two years. It was the happiest I had been in a long time. We had a pregnancy scare that turned out to be a false postive. At first we were relieved but also… disappointed. We talked it over and decided that we wanted to try for a kid for real. We got what we wanted."

Levi's face fell "But as the pregnancy got further along I… " He fought back a wince, but it was hard for him to control facial muscles that were unfamiliar to him. "I… died… or at least that's what the world thinks. What she thinks. In truth, I woke up here, like this, nearly a year later."

He was leaving out a lot of details but he was done talking. They didn't need to know about his sins, and he didn't want to talk about his struggles. So he just sat up to look at Simon, and shrugged before lying back down.

"..."

After it became apparent that his silence marked the end of his story, Levi heard a voice exasperatedly complain. "Is that it? You can't end the story there, it was finally starting to get good."

A peeved woman with an army style buzz cut stood at a comfortable distance amid the untouchables. Her arms were folded in annoyance, and she practically radiated impatient energy. Which is why it was hard to believe she sat though and listened to Levi's slow unimportant rambling.

"But thaths all thare iss thouh?" Levi explained with a frown. He dropped his painstaking focus on verbal control in exchange for being more casual. Mostly because it was hard to maintain that level of focus forever. "All iv don scince than is learn to wock an talk, wile linving with seeveer bodgy imig ishoose."

Levi had been pretty dang impressed with himself for how well he performed when telling his story. But the confused look on the woman's face was a bothersome reminder that he still had a ways to go before he would be able to just talk naturally without thinking about it.

The woman considered the situation and weighed her curiosity against the hassle of dealing with the disillusioned mess that was Levi. "Right. I see?" She said after a bit. Though it was perfectly clear that she had no idea what was just said.

Levi flashed her a sarcastic grin of pointed teeth, but even that seemed unclear to her as she just nodded to him and started pretending he didn't exist. That was fine honestly. He doubted she was the only one paying attention to him. He was something of a freak show after all.

Oh well… he didn't like the idea of people looking at him, but he was self conscious even when he was alone. So what difference did it make really?

Levi curled up on the floor and rested his eyes. He was so exhausted, but the adrenaline and sleep anxiety prevented him from properly taking a nap like he wanted. Every time he started drifting off he felt a panicking loss of control which startled him awake again.

Still, he needed rest. So he half listened to Simon talking with the woman who was eavesdropping earlier. While his focus blurred in and out.

Time passed, which Levi wasn't counting. He knew that he was slipping out of consciousness occasionally, but never for long. Until a snappish voice woke him up all the way.

Levi jumped a little and tried to scramble to his feet to no avail. He couldn't just stand up without first taking a second to think it through.

He missed what was said before, but as he looked around he saw that crowd was a mere fraction in number. 

It seemed that what was left was simply the untouchables and a small core continent of important looking people. The apparent ring leaders of this little jailbreak.

The leader of them was a young ethically ambiguous boy with dark hair and a pair of glasses that was functionally a monocle because one of the lense were cracked to the point of uselessness. In a purely physical respect, the boy looked about twelve-ish, but everything else from his sharp aprasing expression to the way he held himself was disturbingly… controlled. The boy moved with more coordination and purpose that Levi could, and he projected an off-putting degree of authority.

It was like he was some tough as nails veteran with a lifetime of experience, that was trapped in a child's body. Actually, given how much nonsense was concentrated down here, that might actually be the case. Stranger things had happened after all.

"Is everyone paying attention now? Good. This is the last time I'm going to explain this so listen up."

There was just something about his voice that made your skin crawl. It was so clearly a child's vocals, but it lacked all of that clumsy innocence of youth. This wasn't a child actor reading off a script or imitating the adults around him. This was an adult with a vocal condition, and it was deeply uncanny to listen to.

"Our jailors have taken down both of the monsters that have been buying us all this time, and they have once again turned their efforts to melting their way through the blast doors I've placed between us and them. So far I do not believe that they have recognized our departure yet, but I do not know how long that will last. About 11.6% of the people we sent off have reappeared elsewhere within the facility. The rest are beyond my vision, which most likely means they are outside."

The boy looked towards Frank Ricci as he weakly held his hand out towards a woman that looked like she had steel veins embedded in her flesh. One second she was there, the next… she vanished. The poor Italian man looked like he was about to collapse if he wasn't being supported by like two other people.

His eyes were sunken in and blood shot, his skin was drenched in sweat, and he wore an expression of mind numbing drudgery eating him up from the inside.  

But he wordlessly turned to the next nervous person in line and reached out towards them until they disappeared as well.

"It is commendable that our friend here has continued to push himself past his limits to deliver us from this place. He could have evacuated himself at any time, but instead he has decided to give everyone a chance at freedom."

With a sharp turn of the head he managed to glare at several key individuals at once. "So that is why I fully expect you all to be respectful of the limited time we have and cooperate with us. We do not have time for any arguments, negotiations, conditions, or questions. If you have a power that will cause complications, I kindly ask that you leave the area now and accept your recapture."

A wave of anxiety and dangerous tension filled the air at the boy's words. Before one of the fighter types that was guarding Frank thankful realized the issue and sheepishly interjected. "Scattershot can port people from up to thirty some odd feet away, and can ensure inconveniences like pain or whatever. Just don't knock him out or whatever."

Instantly about ninety percent of the tension relaxed. But that anticipatory edge was still there as everyone nervously watched Frank continue to whittle down the most problematic portion of the crowd. A few people, Levi included, hollered words of encouragement to the poor Italian man. But he was hyper focused on his task to acknowledge or even notice them.

A few people slithered into the remaining crowd, branching out ahead of the loosely knit queue and weaving it into a proper line. 

A woman with decorative marks around her eyes approached Levi and uncertainly handed him a paper mask, while simultaneously trying to keep as much didn't between them as possible.

Levi lifted a claw to refuse, which prompted a little annoyed huff from her. "Take it. They're magic." She explained curtly with a thick thick Swedish accent.

"No i…" Levi trailed off as he considered if it would just be easier to take the mask rather than explain what he was told earlier.

But then he heard a vaguely familiar voice. "No!" She barked harshly, making the poor woman flinch. Masquerade cut through the crowd from where she was discussing logistics just so that she could snatch the paper mask out of her hands.

"Not with that one." She insisted in a voice that suggested it was beyond obvious. She stared at the woman with the face paint as if shocked by her stupidity. Then she gestures at Levi. "Look at this. What do you see?"

The woman winched, but then just looked exasperated. "I'm sorry, I thought it was sentient. See? It's wearing pants and everything."

"He is sentient!" Simon insisted angrily. With a heavy emphasis on the pronoun. "His name is Levi and he's a human like the rest of us. Tell em Levi."

Levi opened his mouth to say something but masquerade cut everyone off with a loud sign. "No that's not what I…" she pinched the bridge of her nose before turning back to the now thoroughly confused woman. "What is the first thing you notice about them?"

She looked back and forth between Levi and masquerade, before apprehensively guessing. "He's a…" she began, before catching a look from Simon and amending her guess to be less potentially offensive.

"He's blue?" She tried, hoping no one from either side would get mad at her for that.

It wasn't exactly the answer she was fishing for, but it was close enough that masquerade could just nod her head and force it. "Yes… a big blue lizard. Walking around on two legs."

She took one of the paper masks and waved it vigorously. "My masks have limits, you know. I can subvert and twist expectations to such a degree that you wouldn't even be able to recognize your own mother. But I do not actually change the way people look. So what do you think will happen if we give them a mask?"

"Something… bad?" She guessed half heartedly.

"They would be seen as a different blue dragon, but a blue dragon all the same! They are too unique, they'd be brought in the moment they were seen. So don't waste an identity on them when it will do no good." Masquerade explained somewhat harshly.

Then a voice cut in from further away. "Leave them alone, Masque. There's no point in us delegating if you are going to breath down their necks anyway. So get back here, I want your opinion on something."

Masquerade sputtered indignantly. Before giving the woman one last glare and storming back towards the weird old child who was apparently orchestrating all of this.

The woman looked at Levi. Thoroughly nonplussed by the whole situation. To which Levi just shrugged. She then went back handing out masks.

She had to lay one on the ground for Simon to pick up himself. Since she wasn't about to try to navigate that mess fracture mess that surrounded him.

"She seemed nice." Simon commented as he dubiously inspected the yellow paper mask he had been given. It looked like something a five year old could have made in five minutes. So it wasn't exactly awe inspiring.

He then glanced back at Levi and flashed him a sympathetic look. "Don't worry about the masks. Even if they can't make ye invisible or whatever. Ye can still come with us to the surface. We'll just have to hide you better. Sure, it wouldn't be ideal. But you'll still get to see the sky again."

That seemed to strike a chord with the man as he dreamly looked up towards the ceiling. "It will be good to see the open sky again. It's been so long…" then that exceedingly pleasant thought soured and turned to worry. 

"God. I hope I don't get sent back down here. I don't think I would be able to find my way back here to try again." He mused out loud.

"You wouldn't get to try again." A cynical voice added in. Quietly enough that it took a second to register what she said, and another to recognize that it was a response to him.

Simon seemed taken aback then he scowled at the person who spoke. It was the same woman from earlier. The impatient one with the buzz cut.

She caught the old man glaring at her, and returned the look with a scoff. "Oh come now. Haven't you been paying attention to the little hacker kid? The enemy is almost upon us, we are running out of time, and our one ticket out of here is about to collapse. There's a good chance that not all of us are getting a first chance let alone a second."

"What!?" Simon seemed alarmed. He may have been old, but he was artificially lacking experience due to the circumstances of his life.

Levi could see it… The mounting tension. The overly harsh way the fighter types snapped at people to stay in line. The quiet, but not resigned look in people's eyes as people did the math in their heads.

It wasn't a problem when there were thousands of people. Only the most arrogant self centered of folk would expect to be the first ones out in that situation. But the numbers were dwindling, time was running out, and the people who remained were starting to realize something.

They were the last in line for salvation.

And that was much harder to justify to someone desperate for freedom. Why should they be last? For the children it was understandable, but what did all those other people do to deserve to go before them?

Levi had no horse in this race. He still wasn't sure if he even wanted to escape yet, so he was content to stay in the back. But he didn't like the way people were moving. It felt like a spring was being pushed into place.

"No..." Simon's face was dead white with fear. He was desperate to hold onto any hope he could. "Don't say that, I got enough worries as it is!" 

He looked down at the mask between his figures and dejectedly mumbled. "What if I appear right next to someone and end up hurting them?"

The woman scoffed in an unnecessarily scornful way. "Tragic as that might be, it would still be better for you than appearing halfway stuck in a wall."

Levi narrowed his eyes at the woman, and decided that he didn't like her very much. "Tat doosnt work lick that. He can limmit his powre to open aar."

The woman turned to look at Levi with a dismissive look that faltered into slight pity. Still, her tone was just as short and impatient as ever. "I'm not deciphering that. I know you can talk clearly, I heard you doing it earlier when you were talking about your wife. So why are you now acting as if your mouth is full of marbles?"

Levi narrowed his doubts. Then replied in as clear and precise a voice as he could manage. "Sorry to inconvenience you. But this is still hard for me. Takes too much attentione and time."

"Yeah. Leave em alone already." Another man interjected randomly. He was an older man who was surrounded by a cross crossing network of lines. Like dark threads in a spider web. He was wearing a paper mask, but it didn't really cover his annoyed expression.

"And who are you again?" The woman demanded to know.

The man's face fell, as if he was surprised and a bit hurt that she didn't immediately recognize him. "My name is… well we aren't really supposed to say are we? … I am Razorwire."

Levi nodded slowly. He was unsure of who this guy was, but he got the distinct impression that they were familiar with him.

"Don't know why I thought that would clear anything up. But oh well." Snipped the woman with a subtle sneer "Let's just agree to pretend that the other one doesn't exist. Okay?"

She looked like she had plenty more to say, but was distracted by an altercation happening near the main group.

Someone from the crowd was yelling and arguing with the people who were keeping the line moving and demanding that he be next for transport. 

No one had thrown a punch yet, but it definitely sounded like it was headed in that direction.

Sensing that the situation was slowly heating up, the nearly bald woman turned to them. "You guys can wait your turn. But if this little escape plan is going to s###, then I'm going to make sure I'm on the side with the exit comity." She twiddled her fingers in a wave goodbye before moving closer in towards the center. "Late maybe."

"Well that was rude." The man said with a displeased huff.

Levi had to nod in agreement, but he was getting slightly distracted because he couldn't see Simon anywhere.

He was right there, when had he… Did he slip into the crowd to try to bully his way into getting out first as well? He certainly was desperate enough for that, but at the same time he was so cautious. Not only was his power a hazard, but he was also very self conscious. Would he really just take off like that without telling anyone?

The other old man just watched Levi with marked concern as he rapidly looked around for his friend. "Are you looking fer somethin'?" He asked after a while.

"Yeh… I'm…" Levi caught himself and turned back to study the old man. After a while he had to ask. "I'm sory… but due I know yeu?"

It was a crazy thing to ask, because Levi was certain that he had never met the man before now. But he couldn't shake the feeling like the man was expecting something from him.

The man looked taken aback. But then he smiled sardonically and shook his head. "You really don't remember me… do ye?"

Levi winced, though didn't realize it. He had this gnawing feeling that something was messing with his head again. Was Blindspot still around? 

Levi glanced around just to be sure. But the multi-colored tiger thing was nowhere to be seen. Not that he could have even noticed her either way.

"Shoud I?" He answered after a second.

Razor Wire just stared at him with a dumbfounded expression for long enough to make him uncomfortable.

Levi took a nervous step backwards and nearly lost his balance from the unpracticed motion. He was getting some seriously weird vibes from this guy. Not only that, but he was somewhat anxious about the people yelling. It seemed there was a riot brewing, which was going to be exceptionally bad considering the fact that some of these people were mentally unstable, some could throw fireballs around like candy, and these traits are by no means mutually exclusive with each other.

"I… need to go find my freind Simmon… Beye." It was an awful, awkward excuse. But he did genuinely want to find out where he went, just in case the situation turned sour if nothing else.

Razor Wire raised a hand up to his cheek as if he had been slapped in the face. Then after much blinking good face stretched into a confused but fascinated grin.

"But Levi," a crackle of lightning substituted a missed beat of Levi's heart as the stranger addressed him by name "it's me. I'm Simon."

"I… wat?" Levi's legs wobbled under him as he did several double takes in a row. This razor wire guy was Simon? Really? But they looked nothing like each other! Sure they were the same height, the same skin tone, the same hair color, the same general build, and come to think of it they had similar looking powers. But still!

Levi couldn't believe it, as in, he literally couldn't believe it. He knew that there was something which could disprove the claim. Some solid piece of evidence that would undeniably prove they were two people. He had seen it earlier hadn't he? He was certain that was right. But…

His head felt like it was on fire. If he was still capable of sweating then he would be drenched in it by now. The pain was only getting worse. He couldn't focus on the consent chore of keeping balance. So he fell. 

"Geez!" the man exclaimed with a start. He nearly took a step forward to help him up, but then he remembered about the wires which surrounded him. "Are ye okay? Are you…"

Levi's mind was almost there. He nearly had the correct answer, it was on the tip of his-

Simon removed the mask.

The spell, which had been dangling by a thread, was dispelled. In an instant that overly warm friction heat in his head began to fade as Levi's thoughts were allowed to burst free like water pouring out of a crumbling dam.

Levi reeled back as his brain caught up with a small backlog of simple pattern recognition. He felt really silly for not seeing it sooner, even though on a logical level he knew that he was being magically prevented from doing so. 

"Oh!" he exclaimed with a mix of surprise and disappointment in himself.

Simon nodded, reassured that he cleared up the confusion. It was obvious that he had been rather shaken by the lack of recognition earlier.

Then at the same time they both looked at the paper craft mask that Simon was holding with a renewed level of distrust. It did not feel right. Nothing that fragile and childish had the right to have such a severe effect on reality.

"Do ye think if I put it back on you'll forget about me again?" Simon wondered aloud.

Levi just shrugged. He has no clue how it worked.

Simon slowly lifted the mask back up to his face. Levi cringed slightly at the thought of his brain being messed with again, but he kept his eyes open. He was anticipating the moment that his perception switched. But it almost disappointingly never came.

Simon put the mask back on and looked around. It seemed that the spell was well and truly broken. At least for Levi.

"Do ye-?"

Levi nodded before he could finish asking.

Simon stared at him awkwardly. Then took the mask off and looked at it with concern. "Oh no… did I break it?"

That probably wasn't a good thing if it were true. The masks were supposed to be their way of not getting immediately recaptured the moment they showed their faces in the city.

Levi opened his mouth to speak but he was interrupted by the shouting. The tension up front had been steadily mounting, but it seemed as if something broke because the tone rapidly changed from people angrily demanding things to an outright riot. With the sounds of motion and violence framed by desperate attempts to get people to fall in line from all sides.

A crack of sound ripped through the air like a series of whips snapping. Men and women were crying out in pain. Flashes of light clashed throughout the space. And people were either running towards the fight or fleeing the sudden violence.

"Dear God!" Simon exclaimed, and Levi had to agree with him.

They were both standing on the edges of the group, which meant they were a healthy distance from the fighting. Unsurprisingly, the violence seemed to be centered around Frank. As he was the last hope any of these poor people had of escaping redgate.

Levi had no clue what had set it off, but the brawl was spectacular to look at. It centered entirely around one man who no one wanted to hurt, but everyone wanted to pester. If there were any distinct factions then no one could really tell them apart since everyone was wearing the same bright orange jumpers. And everyone had super powers.

Frank's contribution to the fight was just mindlessly vanishing anyone who got close to him. But since that was ultimately what people wanted, the brawl quickly devolved into a high stakes game of tag. Except the goal was to get tagged first before anyone else.

Madness reigned from afar. The battle inspired in Levi an intense nervous energy. The first thing that popped into his head was to act. His first instinct was to stand up, walk into the middle of the battle, and… something…

It wasn't mind control or compulsion this time. Simply a very human desire to go do something about a problem. He wanted to walk out into the middle of the disaster and see what he could do to help. Or failing that, run as far away as possible. Neither one seemed like a particularly useful option in this scenario.

"What do we do now?" Simon asked aimlessly. It seemed as if he was just as lost as Levi was right now.

Levi clicked softly to himself as he watched the fighting from afar. It didn't look like anyone had died yet, but this was not just a simple brawl. This was a full blown riot! And if the conflict escalated any further then there would be blood spilled.

He felt wretched, his stomach twisted in knots, and sparks of lightning danced around him like a playground. He wanted to scream at the top of his lungs that violence was not going to fix anything. But he couldn't speak. Even if he was still human he wouldn't have been able to speak.

Everyone was shouting! Dozens of voices far louder and more authoritative than his were trying to grab people's attention and force them to listen. Everything that could be said was being said, every rhetorical strategy you could think of, every appeal possible… all were being used at once and were crashing into each other like race cars piling up in a mass wreck. 

Reason was dead. Madness gripped the hearts and minds of those who remained. And the entire situation was too daunting for Levi to ever even hope to fix it.

Simon laughed a touch historically when it became apparent that Levi couldn't find an answer for him. 

"There isn't enough time for all of us… is there?" He asked with wide eyes.

Levi opened his mouth, but his hesitation said enough.

"No I… I can't be left behind. I can't go back there!" Simon bounced on his heels causing the distribution around him to shift like some complex kaleidoscope. The madness was getting to him, and his eyes were wide with anxiety.

"You wohn't…" Levi said, gentil as can be.

Simon gestured towards the brawl. "They wouldn't be fighting like that if everyone could go! Something is wrong and they aren't telling us what. We've got to… if we stay… if we stay here and wait for them then we will be left behind for sure! We have to go do something! We have to…"

Levi saw the anticipation in Simon's body, the fear in his eyes, the madness paining his expression. He was going to move... And if he suddenly went charging into that crowded riot then a great many people were going to die. He was sure of it.

Levi could shout and scream with the rest of them, and his voice would simply be swept up in the tide. A useless drop in an already overflowing bucket, he couldn't do anything to fight against the storm.

And yet…

Surely he had to try anyway. Not for the deafened crowd, but for the one wayward soul who very well might listen to his broken voice. "Symon!"

Simon tilted his head slightly, almost hesitantly. As if he was afraid that Levi was going to convince him not to go. Thinking that maybe, if he just didn't pay attention, then perhaps he could do what his instincts were screaming at him to do.

I can't go back, I can't go back, and can't go back.

He didn't say it out loud, but he didn't need to. The message was clearly written on his face, in the way he stood, and with his loud silence amid the white noise of battle.

"Weit." Levi begged, his mind desperately reaching for anything he could say "If yuo go out there they'll kyll you!" 

That wasn't enough, he feared imprisonment more than death. He'd need to find another angle, and fast.

"I want to escap was much as you do." He lied convincingly. "But fighting wonnhelp. If we fight, they fiht. If they fight, then they'r lose time… an we all lose time."

Simon took another step forward "But…"

"Look at you!" Levi gestured wildly at the fractures in space, then pointed at himself. "And lok at me. Werare hazerds and tey know it!"

A shower of blue sparks danced around Levi's body like little energetic pixies. A beautiful sight, but also a very bad sign for anyone looking out for harmful abilities.

"No won has sayd that we'are out of tyme. Thos people are figting over nothinng, and are only macking it take longer. I knowe it sucks, and I want freadom too. But the best thing we cann do right now is shut up amd wait for our turns like everieone else. Until theer are blue vests literly nocking down the doors, I will be staying were I can't acidentaly hurt solmeone."

For a moment Levi was worried that his slip up of referring to the personnel members as blue vests would give away who he was, but as it turned out, it didn't seem like Simon was at all aware of the jargon. Either that or he just assumed that Levi picked it up from them. So he had no reason to read too deep into it.

Simon's already slightly wrinkled face was folded into an exaggerated yet completely earnest frown. He took in the blue cloud of sparkles swirling around Levi, and then his eyes slid to the much less obvious fractures around him.

Levi felt a stabbing in his heart as a sense of guilt clawed at him. He was using the fact that he was willing to sit back and potentially risk losing his chance at escape as a moral challenge to Simon. They both had powers that could get people killed, so they had to be responsible for that fact. That was true, no matter how unfair it was. 

But he was still being dishonest. Because he didn't actually know if he wanted to escape or not! He had literally had hours to think about it, but he still wasn't sure. And yet he was all too willing to make it seem like he desperately wanted out in order to manipulate Simon. 

Did it matter that he was doing it for a good cause? From a logical standpoint, the fact that he was ambivalent didn't change the validity of his argument. But still… it was a little white lie… just a little white lie… it's not like he secretly committed to staying or anything. 

Simon wrestled with his fear and anxiety. Overwhelming emotions clouded his thoughts, but Levi had forced him to think. And it didn't take much thought to recognize that Levi was right in this instance. Maybe if he had a less destructive power then things would be different, but his own nature trapped him in place.

Levi wanted so badly to reach out and comfort this poor old man. A hug like the one they shared before, only preferably less drawn out this time. But… Levi looked at the sparks emanating off of him and closed his eyes. He took long deep breaths to calm his heart until the storm around quieted down.

He was gaining more control. Though it was still wildly inconsistent and relied on him being able to regulate his emotions. But just the fact that he could map it to his heart rate was incredible for giving him a sense of control.

The only problem… was that Simon didn't have that. Simon's power wasn't based on his emotions or anything that could be managed. They were just… on… all the time.

And though Levi desperately wanted to help, he didn't think he was crazy enough to try to worm his way past that death trap a second time.

All he had were his words. And he wasn't the best at speaking even before he was forced to learn a new mouth. "Hey. It's okay." 

Levi slipped back into focusing on his words. Just like before he used all of mental energy on maintaining speed and accuracy. He couldn't really pay too much attention to what he was saying, because he was throwing all his effort into how he said it. So he just said the first thing that came to mind, with the hope that it would be worth something.

It was all he could do…

"I know this is scary. I'm scared too. But we are almost there, yeah? We just have to be paytient and wait this out. It's like when you are driving and someone cuts you off. You can either let them go ahead of-"

"I've never driven..." Simon admitted. And Levi remembered that he had spent more than the entirety of his adult life down here.

"Right, sory." Levi apologized sheepishly before shakily rebuilding his vocal momentum. "My point is that no one's gotten past our barricade yet. Listen closely. What do you hear other than those idiots hitting each other?"

Simon stopped to listen. He was still frowning, but if nothing else at least it was a distraction. But this he lifted one eyebrow as he suddenly recognized something. "You're making rattlesnake noises?" 

"I…" Levi briefly choked on his words as he was reminded of his deeply ingrained habit of clicking like a cricket. He cleared his throat and self consciously silenced whatever bit of anatomy allowed him to tick while talking. Though he was sure he'd start doing it again as soon as he stopped thinking about it.

"Yes well… what I meant was that you cant hear gun shots anymore." Levi clarified "So long as the vests think we are trapped down here they wont be in a hurry to get us. They think there are more of us than them, and they know we have magic. It is in their best interest to keep us boxed in while they wait for backup."

Levi had a pretty good idea what that backup was going to be, which made his quills stand up a bit. But he kept his theories to himself because Simon did not need more troubles right now.

Not to mention his concern that the mob might end up hurting their only way out of here. Frank already looked more dead than alive anyway, so it was also possible that he might pass out from exhaustion all on his own.

Simon seemed to stop and consider what he had been told. He took some reassurance in the fact that Levi was right. The gunshots had stopped.

Still he was decidedly jumpy. And who could blame him? It wasn't like it was quiet.
"There has to be something we can do?"

"Nothing." Levi insisted with a sigh. "Just keep that mask of yours on and wait for everyone else to shove their way ahead of us."

That was the wrong thing to say Levi realized, as it just made Simon more fidgety. He liked to think he could have been more tactful if he wasn't so dead focused on sounding like an actual person.

He let himself slow down some and pivoted. "Come, on. Lets, talk, about, some thing, else. What, is the, first, thing, you, want, to, do, after, you, get, out?"

"If I get out…" Simon mumbled anxiously.

"Hey!" Levi tried to say it forcefully to emphasize his point. But apparently he just wasn't skilled enough yet to put that kind of emotion into his voice without it breaking into an off-putting animalistic bark.

Simon jumped in alarm and Levi winced at himself, but he pushed past it and continued with his point. Trying and only mostly succeeding to keep the growl out of his throat. "Dont, say, that. Okay? You, are, going, to, be, fine. Trust."

Simon looked at him. He was weary at first, then his expression relaxed as he realized that Levi was trying to be protective, not aggressive.

He looked like he was about to say something unintentionally hurtful, but caught himself near the end. A question regarding Levi's animal-like qualities he suspected. Though it was more than likely that Levi was just projecting his own insecurities onto the situation.

"Well obviously the first thing I'm going to do is look up at the sky. But after that?…" Simon thought it over before commenting to a quick conclusion. "After that I'm getting ice cream. Mmhm."

Levi smiled toothally at the wholesome answer. "Ice cream?" It seemed like such a silly thing at first but at the same time. But then his smile slipped. "Realy?"

The look of whimsical, but heartfelt longing on Simon's face was puzzling to say the least. For all its faults, regate did not lack for good food. As a vest, Levi had routinely benefited from the incredible skills and expertise of the facility's culinary staff.

Puff hats,as they were called,were some of the only good things about working for redgate. They were extremely capable if overworked chefs with access to nearly unlimited resources. 

They were also a bit insane by and large, but you had to be in order to do their job. Part of their responsibilities were the preparation of every meal of every prisoner. Which sounded innocuous enough until you considered that some jumpers had some pretty strange dietary requirements.

If you wanted something specific, they took requests. Or at least the ones Levi talked with did. And not just for blue vests like Levi either. It was routine for Levi to fairy meal requests like a waiter at a restaurant, and delivering food was literally the majority of his job.

If Simon wanted ice cream then he could have had it easily. Quality homemade stuff too. With how long he had been here, you would think it improbable for him to have not figured that out by now.

And yet… that wistful expression…

"When was, the last time, you had, ice cream?" Levi asked out of morbid curiosity. Somehow, he both expected the answer and was surprised by it.

"Not since I was twelve." Simon confessed. "I remember it being really good though."

Levi looked around awkwardly. Was this really a line of inquiry worth pursuing when there was a reality escalating conflict happening just a few dozen feet away from them? Then again, the point was to distract from that, and he was genuinely curious.

"Did you ever, ask the v- the guards to, get you, some?" Levi asked incredulously.

Simon just gave him a confused look.
"I'm sure I did at some point, but nothing came of it. Why?" Then something clicked in his mind and his expression shifted to one of jealousy and indignation "Are ye saying they gave you treats when ye asked?"

Levi hesitated. The truth was that he had been assigned a very strict and heavily monitored diet while the costs worked on identifying what foods he could or couldn't eat. But that was a special case because he was practically an alien species.

Most orange jumpers could and often did make requests from the vests. Not just for food and snacks either. They could request books, games, art supplies, and even things like treadmills. Not only were these requests allowed, but were often even encouraged by the costs.

Despite the fact that all of the white coats were soulless monsters, they still recognized from a purely logical standpoint that improving the quality of life for their test subjects had some beneficial effects.

Levi realized that Simon was expectedly waiting for his answer so he awkwardly cleared his throat and chose to lie to represent it as if he was the average jumper. "Yeah. Id ask, the guy who, gave me food. Then in a few, days, he would get it, for me."

Simon looked incredulous. "Why would it take a few days to get special food?"

Levi sighed heavily, and spoke with a level of frustration that only personal experience could earn. "Because red tape."

"Oh…" Simon looked down at his feet, then snapped back up with righteous indignation. "So why didn't I get ice cream then? It's been so long I can't… I could have sworn I asked about it and was told no!"

Levi was similarly confused. Simon didn't have a power that would name feeding him problematic. So he should have been able to request the occasional amenity. Why would the blue vest assigned to him-

Levi froze as a thought struck him. What if it wasn't the white coats denying Simon's requests? What if whatever vest was assigned to him had simply ignored his request to avoid doing the paperwork?

The coats encouraged the vests to fulfill simple requests, but it wasn't mandatory. Blue Vests did not have an obligation to pass requests along. Not only that, but no one had an obligation to even inform the jumpers about anything.

When he was still a vest, Levi had made an effort to talk to the people he looked after. Even if it extended his shift by two to three hours every day. And he tried his best to keep on top of the request forums as much as possible. 

Sometimes Levi forgot that he want above and beyond when it came to the effort he invested into making sure the jumpers' lives were as comfortable as possible. Even if that effort was primarily rooted in feeble attempts to alleviate his guilt.

Levi shrugged and gave his honest opinion on the matter.
"Bad vest."

He couldn't imagine being the kind of person who could shrug off all responsibility of making these people's lives just a little more bearable. But then again… deliberately learned sociopathy was unfortunately a fairly common coping strategy down here.

And judging by the ongoing riot happening just a couple hundred feet away, it was a coping strategy that wasn't entirely unique to staff members.

Simon looked shocked and bewildered. Then the reality of the situation started to sink in and he looked devastated. "I can't believe they-"

Levi spotted something yellow and glowing shoot out in an arch from the riot. It wasn't that uncommon, the fighting was chalk full of people throwing mystical junk around. But this thing was thrown quite wide and it was heading right towards them.

Without thinking Levi lunged forward to grab Simon and pull him down. But he predictably lost coordination and tripped. Which in this case actually saved his life. Because if he had charged into Simon like he had been planning then he would have been shredded instantly.

Simon swore as he backed up a step. Then he looked up and saw the yellow projectile get split in two by his aura and streak past him on either side.

"What was…" he looked at the riot then back at Levi. "We need to back up. Are… are ye okay?"

Levi felt his muscles twitching slightly as his brain synced back up with body. It was harder for his body to get overwhelmed like this, and he recovered from it much faster than he used to. But he had been lowkey pushing himself all day and he needed a second to walk himself back from the edge.

"rI'm fine…" he groaned as he slowly sat himself back up and looked around for the offending projectile. "Wha was thhat?"

Simon looked around as well but was quick to give up. "A fire ball or something? I don't know, I don't see it anymore. We should probably back up some more before we find out."

"Right…" Levi agreed as he got up and wobbled towards the wall so that he could have something to lean on.

Simon followed after him nervously shortly after, so as to maintain a comfortably wide distance between them. He kept glancing over his shoulder, and moved so reluctantly that he was somehow managed to be outpaced by Levi.

"Are ye… sure that staying clear is what's best here? What if someone kills the teleporter guy?" He asked after a few minutes of silently letting it weigh on his mind.

"Then evverywon is screwed. Sirsly. Shtop worying about it. Weel have our chence of freedim. Just be patent." Levi said without even looking over his shoulder. Though his attempts at acting confident and reassuring were hampered somewhat by the fact that he was a thin blue lizard with wobbly knees and a speech impediment.

Simon made a strangled noise as he looked back at the riot one last time. Levi could understand the conflicting feelings he had to be working through. But he was glad to see him close his eyes, breadth out a sigh, and mentally commit to waiting. It really was the best outcome, even if Levi encouraged it somewhat dishonesty.

Once he was satisfied that they had moved far enough away from the violence, Levi leaned against the wall and sat down.

Simon copied him, albeit a fair distance away. 

Levi looked at him and included his head. Then with a slight smile he very bluntly said. "You tak."

He was tired of speaking and walking around. He had been doing so much of it already today and he needed a bit of a break. But with that being said, he also enjoyed the company and the conversation.

He couldn't really comfortably say all of that, but luckily he didn't need to. Simon was able to read into those two words he did say and extrapolate out the rest of the message from his expression and other nonverbal cues.

The two of them sat there for the remainder of the riot. With Levi taking a much needed break from everything, and Simon distracting himself by simply venting his grievances to someone who was willing to listen.

Levi liked to listen to other people's problems. It  gave him perspective and reminded him that the universe wasn't conspiring against him.

Sometimes bad things just happened, with no regard to any kind of fairness or karma. It was not a very comforting idea, but it was really the only conclusion one could come to after listening to Simon recount his troubled life.

He only wished that there was something he could have done to help. But he couldn't fix something that had already happened. And even if he could go back in time… what could he have done differently?

Levi was no revolutionary. When faced with trouble and injustice, he couldn't even muster the courage to walk away from the harmful role assigned to him.

It was actually kinda funny. Levi had spent half his life as some variety of security, yet whenever real trouble arose he always seemed to find a way to avoid the fighting. Even now he was watching people beat the crap out of each other from afar.

It felt cowardly, but he didn't know what else to do. If it was only a handful of people then maybe he could have done something. But even then, his electricity producing body would still be a risk.

I don't start fires… I help put them out.

Levi thought of his old Montana rather than saying it out loud. It helped a little, though he couldn't help but feel like he was looking at a fire right now which he hadn't done anything to quell.

Simon had also finished recounting his experiences as a prisoner. He seemed slightly upset that he didn't have more to share. But that was the nature of being a prisoner. Most of the days just blurred together.

Not that Levi was really an authority on that. He had only really been conscious for about a month of his imprisonment. And he undeniably got special treatment because of his connections and his significance as the only case of an FBT remaining mentally sound.

"Teh ryot seems to be calmning down." Levi commented after a long period of silence. 

Simon looked up from staring at the floor and turned towards the area they fled from.

There were less people then when the riot began, but that was because Frank had continued to evacuate people even through the fighting.

"Do you see the guy?" Simon asked after a second. "Please tell me no one killed our ticket out of here?"

Levi didn't really want to speak right now. But it felt weird to just let that hang in the air. "is nam's Frank…"

"Hm?"

Levi reiterated now that he had Simon's attention. "Frank ricy… Ricey? Frank Richie. Re- rencci- Franck Richie? Ri- Ricci. Frank Ricci."
Levi smacked his lips angrily before repeating the correct pronunciation that he worked so hard to construct.
"Frank Ricci… annd hell be fine."

Levi gestured towards the crowd. "Otherwize they would be moar upset."

Simon looked and saw what Levi did. The crowd was angry, and people were still yelling at and struggling with each other. But the energy was slowly dying out. Cooling off to a high simmer rather than a rolling boil.

It was admittedly rather hard to tell from this distance, but it didn't seem like the motivation for the de-escalation was something as sudden or dramatic as the death of Frank.

Simon shielded his eyes from an imaginary sun as if he was in a movie. And after a second of close observation he turned towards Levi and asked. "Are you sure? I don't see him."

Levi nodded reassuringly. "He is tough. If anithing he will have passed out from axhaustion. But I dotut even that. It's not like him to give up. I trust him to follow throough."

Simon nodded to himself. That did seem to make sense to him. But something Levi said struck him as odd. "Ye seem to know a lot about him… did ye know him before getting locked up?"

Levi tensed a bit and his tail stopped swaying for a second. It was apparently pretty hard to lie or be dishonest when you were unfamiliar with your facial muscles. Not only that, but having a tail and moving ears gave people a couple additional ways to read him.

Maybe he could one day learn to control his face and tail to convey false signals. But until then the safest way to lie was by omission.

"Ye. I knew him a bit. Desent guy." He said truthfully. Omitting the nature of their relationship. "He's tough. Hewill be fine."

Simon nodded, thinking about what to talk about next. But before he could ask any more questions that would require answers, Levi preempted him.
"I dont want to speak… you talk."

It came off as way more sturn then he really meant it to. Not only did he not really want to continue with the current topic, but also… talking was just hard in general. Not as hard as it used to be, but he hadn't gotten back to the point where he could just do it without thinking.

"Oh…" Simon seemed like the wind had been taken out of his sails a little bit. "Sorry…"

What followed was not the one sided conversation that Levi wanted. Instead Simon chose to stop talking all together. Levi couldn't really blame him for shutting down like that, he probably would have done the same if the roles were reversed. But the heavy silence quickly turned unfortunately awkward as they both watched the crowd for Frank.

Nearly half an hour later Levi was considering whether the mental discomfort of speaking outweighed the social discomfort of enduring the silence, when he noticed Simon sit up a bit.

"They're headed this way! I don't see Frank though." He exclaimed with more than a bit of excitement and trepidation.

Levi looked around and felt a lump in his throat as he realized how few people were left in the hallway. It had to be less than twenty, which stood a sharp contrast to the several hundred that were here before.

That was a lot of jumpers to release into the world within a very short period of time. So hopefully it didn't cause too much of a problem topside.

A containment breach on this scale was sure to draw a lot of attention from the DUD. Which could end really really badly for everyone depending on how hard they decide they have to go to correct the situation.

Levi squinted at the small group walking towards them. About eight people of different ages and heights. They had disciplined confidence that suggested that they were the main people behind this whole operation.

"There." Levi said as he pointed at two of the group who were carrying a limp body. "Thats Frank."

Simon stood up with sudden energy and excitement. "It is?! Oh gosh ye're right! Any minute now. Any minute now and we'll be out!"

Levi nodded his agreement. Though he did not share the enthusiasm. Even after all this time he still had not decided if he even wanted to be free.

Every reason he had to be out there instead of here was taken from him. Even if he did go back… Levi remembered that video of his wife Ryan smuggled him. 

Margaret had already spent a year grieving him. No doubt she was only just now starting to move on from his supposed death.

He wanted to push his way back into her life. To make it work and be there for his daughter. But was that fair to her? To either of them?

He wasn't human anymore. Hell… he wasn't even sure if he was going to lose his mind or not. Any moment a switch could flip in his brain, and he could become a violent monster. He'd seen it happen before with FBTs. Albeit typically not this late after the transition.

And even if that wasn't an issue. There were still consequences for learning about the unnatural. There was a reason why he never told her after all.

No… no he couldn't let Margaret ever learn about what really happened to him. She already suffered enough, she did not need for her life to be turned upside down for a chance that they could somehow make it work.

It would be better for her to move on and forget about him…

He could still agree to go though. There was only a chance at appearing outside the facility anyway. And if he did escape… So what? He could always walk back and get himself recaptured.

It would be too nice to be outside again. To touch the grass and see the sky. Even for just a little while. Maybe go for a swim and-

Levi smiled for a second, then caught himself and shook his head. Running about in the grass and being outside was one thing. But he refused to hear towards the beach.

He craved the freedom of the ocean. It tempted him in a way that was frighteningly strong. His inhuman instincts were trying to pull him towards unknown habits that were ingrained into his body.

Whatever happened… he did not trust himself to go into the water. It was hard to articulate why, but he just had this feeling that he would lose himself. As if the waves themselves would wash off whatever was left of his humanity and pull him down a slippery slope.

Would it be a bad life? To live as a wild animal? No responsibilities or moral judgements to make. Just a lonely sea monster stalking the waves, occasionally scaring a fisherman or two? It would probably be pretty nice all things considered.. but… it wouldn't be him.

"Hey…"
Levi heard a scratchy voice croak the word out like it was his last.

Snapping out of his thoughts, Levi looked up and saw a well built, if half unconscious, man who was sweating like he had a fever while being carried by several other equally well built but far less exhausted people.

Frank had a strained smile on and looked like he was having a hard time keeping both of his eyes open at the same time. And when he raised his hand towards Levi, Frank had to rely on the help of the people carrying him to support his arm so that he could even make the gesture.

Levi blinked in alarm at the condition Frank was in. "Ar-"

The world changed.

There was no flash of light or pop of sound. No jolting feeling or even any impression of movement at all. The world didn't fade from one scene to the next, nore did it click like a light switch.

One second Levi was standing in an oversized hallway looking at a man who desperately needed a break. The next… no not even that… in that very same second he was in an empty room with office chairs and filing cabinets.

It was so abrupt that he didn't recognize he had gone anywhere at first. It legitimately felt more like he was having a vision of this place rather than actually being there.

That is… until gravity caught up with him, and he realized that he was standing a foot and a half above the floor.

Levi was no stranger to falling by this point. But it was always from standing height. This time he fell for longer, and came down harder.

The shock of the fall caused the parts of Levi's feet where his ankles used to be to touch the floor momentarily. Which wouldn't have been a problem in his old body, but his new angled legs weren't really meant to bend like that.

He also smashed the end of his tail pretty hard against a nearby desk, threw out his shoulder, and scraped up the underside of one of his arms pretty badly while attempting to break his fall. All in less than a second after the world changed.

Levi hissed through his teeth and made hurt lizard sounds as he curled into a ball and cradled his injuries. Despite the pain, his brain was still reeling at the suddenness of what just happened.

Turns out he didn't need to agonize over the decision to escape or not, because apparently they would have just done it either way without asking. No countdown, no goodbyes, not even a simple heads up. He just… did it.

Levi stood up using a table for support. Both of his feet felt soar, and his tail was screaming pain at him. But he pushed on through it. He had to. The only other option was to lay down and wait it out. Which could easily result in his recapture.

He looked around the empty office and took note of the lack of windows. That didn't necessarily mean that he was still in redgate though. Ehva island was home to huge tech companies who could very easily have buildings like this.

Levi winced as he moved towards the door. He would have been limping if it wasn't for the fact that both of his feet were equally hurt. He also very possibly broke his tail as well. Though his tail was useless anyway, so thankfully the only impediment it caused him was from how much it hurt. 

Levi had only just gotten healed a few hours ago, yet he somehow already managed to rough himself back up again. Though not nearly as bad as when he was bleeding his life away.

Looking his head out the door, Levi saw more hallways. Though not the huge sprawling type that he had just come from.

These hallways were more like the kind you'd find in a typical office. They even had tightly woven carpet, with threads that caught on his foot talons if he wasn't mindful.

And there was still not a window in sight… was he still underground? If this was a civilian building, then he was a risk to anyone who saw him.

He wasn't supposed to exist. So anyone encountering him would attract the attention of the DUD. Which could potentially ruin their lives in several different ways…

God… now that he thought about it… leaving the facility may have been an incredibly dangerous decision. That was made for him.

Perhaps the best thing for him to do was stop moving around and find a place to hid-

Gunshots broke the silence. They were not exactly close, but they were not exactly far off either.

For just a second longer than the initial shock Levi was terrified and disappointed. He had lost the coin toss and reappeared back in redgate.

So this was it… he failed to escape. The doors out were sealed shut and well guarded. Not only that, but the odds of him making his way back to the lower levels and finding Frank to get a second shot were slim to none. 

Then the second was over.

Levi sighed deeply and turned his head towards the fluorescent light in the ceiling. He felt the pain in his tail like a sharp displacement. Yet it felt so far away now. His body was tired, bruised, and bent. But it wasn't really his body anyway, so what did it matter?

Levi gave a resigned smile… 

The opportunity for freedom had slipped through his fingers. And that was okay. Was it the right decision? The wrong decision? Would he be better off free? Would the world be better off without him? It didn't matter anymore.

His choice was gone again, so there was no point in worrying anymore 

Levi raised his arms up in a gesture of surrender, turned around, and started walking in the direction the gunshots came from.

He dearly hoped he wouldn't get shot by the first person to round the bend. Generally speaking, the black suits valued the lives of jumpers more highly than that of any blue vest. But the vests were the ones with boots on the ground. So they made all of the split second decisions.

Levi tried humming a happy little toon to himself to distract from anything that might elevate his heart rate. Because the last thing he needed right now was his body to throw up a dangerous looking show of sparks.

To his surprise, Levi realized that he actually could hold a toon more easily now than when he was human. Was it his imagination? Had all of those hours of vocal practice paid off in unexpected ways? Or did his new body just have a wider vocal range?

It piqued Levi's curiosity… he would have to experiment some more with this discovery. Assuming he survived of course. And that really depended on the temperament of whoever ran into him first.

Levi slowed to a rolling stop as his ears twitched. There were footsteps headed his way… and quickly. Visions of a highly stressed paranoid recruit taking one look at the monster before them and immediately shooting him dead danced around in Levi's mind.

Levi side eyed one of the empty office rooms. 

Was surrendering in the open like this really the best move? Perhaps it was best to go hide somewhere so that he could give whatever vest found him a vocal surrender before revealing his… lizardy-ness…

Did he even have time for…

Levi pushed that thought aside. He spent way too much time second guessing himself as it was. It was suffocating and hardly seemed to work out for him anyway.

Before he had a chance to overthink his plan for surrender Levi shuffled into one of the nerdy offices and found a desk to hide behind.

Seconds later that sound of footsteps came sprinting towards the area, and someone burst into the room.

A flash of messy fox-orange hair and freckles on a round face tricked Levi into thinking that Ben Callbatch had scrambled through the door. But this person was taller, and had a thicker build. Which was to say that he was about average for a guy. His hair was also a little bit more orange.

The man wore the navy blue uniform of a vest. But instead of a MPF he held a fairly simple civilian handgun. A Glock of some sort probably. He held the weapon like a professional, but his expression was that of someone who had no clue what was happening.

Levi watched from his space behind the desk, before remembering his plan. He cleaned his throat and tried to focus on his words. "I serendderer."

The moment the silence was broken the orange haired man reacted. Not to what was said, but simply to the fact that someone was talking at all.

A look of panic crossed his face as he urgently tapped a finger over his lips in a frantic shushing motion. As he did he moved over towards the desk.

He froze and choked back a scream when he saw Levi. And instantly the gun was pointed at him. But then he looked over at the open door with a look at rapid calculation.

To Levi's surprise the man got closer and hid behind the desk as well. He kept the gun trained on Levi at all times, and tried to make as much space between the two of them as possible without either one being visible from the door.

He clearly did not trust Levi one bit, and it was incredibly obvious that the threat of his pistol was a huge bluff. Not because it wasn't real or that he wouldn't do it or anything. But simply because it was direly important that neither one of them made any noise.

And whatever it was that had him so spooked…

Levi mentally double checked that he wasn't still clicking. And pulled his possibly broken tail around him out of sight. Moving it made him wince, but he didn't make any noise which is what mattered.

There was a tense silence between the two of them as they regarded each other. Levi kept his arms raised in a gesture of surrender, and tried to keep his expression neutral. But his face was really weird and expressions were actually really complex. So it was hard to perform them intentionally. 

The man had vibrantly yellow eyes that looked equally worried and exhausted. There was blood on his leg, though none of it looked like it was his.

His uniform was very familiar, with long black cargo pants and a navy blue vest meant to shield him from most conventional types of harm. Though there was something else… something that wasn't quite right about his outfit.

Levi's brow furrowed slightly. The blue vests they wore did not have much to them. Simply a subtle insignia and a rectangular pin with a string of numbers on it. To identify you in case your head was eaten. But this man had a little something extra.

A golden badge with a capital A on it.

Levi sucked in a breath. As he recognized what he was looking at. This man wasn't just any old blue vest... This guy was a Good Badge! A member of Alpha team, the most elite squad in the entire department!

The stories he heard about these people made them all out to be highly dangerous and deeply insane forces of nature who practically bent reality to their will! Obviously at least half of the things he heard about them had to be pure fiction, but the other half painted the outline of legendary individuals deserving of adoration and fear. Though mostly fear…

With that in mind, the only thing that was keeping Levi from losing his cool and lighting up like a bug zapper was the simple fact that… well… this man didn't look like a legendary super soldier. Sure he was clearly competent, and he seemed to have a good head on his shoulders. But he was also nervous and afraid in a way that just didn't fit with the legend.

"Okay…" he whispered cautiously. "...I think it's gone."

Levi blinked and glanced towards the open door. Had something walked past them? He maybe felt like he saw something glide past his peripheral vision, but he was too distracted to have noticed it at the time.

With the gun still pointed at him, the man stood up slowly and crept towards the door. Moving only inches at a time he peeked his head out and checked the area.

Then he signed and let out the breath he was holding. "Yeah. It's gone." He placed a hand on his heart as if to feel its rapid beating and slow it down.

"I surinder." Levi repeated helpfully. Just in case he forgot.

The man stood up a little straighter as he was reminded that he had a prisoner. He definitely was not used to any of this. "Um… surrender accepted? I guess-? Who are you again?"

"Levi Ethan." He replied. Only slightly messing up his last name.

…

"Oh." The man nodded, even though it was abundantly clear that the answer didn't actually clear anything up. "I'm… Seth Owens Slight."

Seth glanced to the left slightly as if trying to recall if giving strange talking lizards your real name was a bad idea.

He seemed to be waiting in case Levi wanted to say anything. But talking was hard and Levi was nothing if not indecisive. So Seth filled the silence with another question.

"So what planet are you from?"

Levi tilted his head, and for a moment he didn't understand the question. Then it started to sink in like ink staining cloth. That had to be a joke right? Dry sarcasm? The implication-

Strange matter was discovered by analyzing the body of a creature which was found within a vessel that was foreign to this world. Levi had often wondered if there were more out there. And now it seemed almost certain that there were.

Of course there were. The department probably was in contact with dozens of them and simply hiding them for no official reason. Just like they did with everything else.

"Earth?" Levi answered quizzically. Maybe he was just testing him and gadeing his intelligence. He was supposed to be a monster with a broken mind after all.

Seth nodded to himself, seeming to relax a bit for just a second. "Well that's good at least. But it still doesn't explain who you are or what you are doing here."

His eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Wait… Did you come here to start the prison break?"

Now Levi was really confused. "No I'm…" he looked down at himself and realized that he wasn't wearing the same bright orange uniform as every other prisoner.

He didn't really think about it because he assumed that anyone who so much as glanced at him would be able to tell that he was a jumper. But if this Seth guy was used to dealing with alien creatures then it might be possible that he didn't actually make that connection.

Levi looked up and figured he'd jump a few steps ahead of this little song and dance and clear one thing up. "I use to be humnan."

Seth seemed to take a moment to process this. Then it hit him, and his eyes went wide. He physically jumped backwards like a spooked cat. This man, who was wearing the badge of the most powerful group of agents in the world, looked more worried than when the monster walked past them.

Levi blinked, his mouth hanging open slightly. Even he would have called that an over reaction. But Seth looked genuinely upset and… even a little traumatized?

"Is it contagious?" He croaked. With a horrified reluctance that made it seem as if he already knew the answer was yes and was desperately begging to be wrong.

Levi flicked his eyes to the side for a second as he realized that there might actually be some validity to the claim that all of alpha squad were nutjobs. 

"No?"

Seth relaxed only marginally, though he still had the look of someone who was being hunted. "But whatever changed you is still out there and could theoretically do it to someone else right?"

Levi legitimately had no clue where this interaction was going anymore, and it was making him uncomfortable. How was he even supposed to answer that?

"Not relly? This-" he briefly gestured at himself 
 before returning to his hands to that tiering surrender pose "-happemed beacuas a bunch of pepple put a lot of time and effrt into it."

That seemed to reassure the man at least a little bit. But Seth was still excessively nervous for some reason. "Wait. Did you do that yourself… on purpose?"

Levi shrugged. "Was dying. Only hope was this. Didint no it woud do this to me."

Seth lowered the gun a bit, and gave him a look of genuine pity. "Oh… I'm sorry to hear that. Is it reversible?"

Levi took the opportunity to lower his arms since they were getting tired. "No. But ist fine. Beats being ded I guess. It's just… really weird…"

Seth nodded with a grim expression. "I know what you mean."

Levi tilted his head in confusion. Was that sympathy or…? Wait… "Do you?"

Those sharp yellow eyes met his for an uncomfortably long time. But there was a look of both understanding and trauma there. "I… I don't know."

Then, like a damn breaking, he started to speak faster and more liberally. "It just keeps happening! First it was the werewolves that got me. Then those damn fairies turned me into a bear, or tricked me into thinking I was a bear, for who knows how long. And there was that time the suits pressured me into swapping bodies with that dragon for a week. And just a few days ago an alien cat thing fell on top of me and got it's crazy space nanites mixed into my blood and-"

Seth looked hunted as he rattled off what sounded like the insane ramblings of a mental patient who was off his meds. He looked like he was about to break down, but he pulled it back with a deep inhale. "It has been… an extremely eventful year for me. " 

Levi stared at Seth with his jaw hanging open. That was… a lot to be sure. But it was almost comforting to meet someone who knew part of what he was going through.

"Draggon?" Levi asked before realizing that there was a way more important question here. "How did you becum hooman again?!"

He shrugged. "Hell if I know. It's not like they have a magic potion at the HQ or anything like that. Every time I got transformed it was by something different that needed its own specific cure."

Seth's skin flushed red a little and he lowered his voice for a moment. "And not all of them even worked all the way. I'm still one eighth werewolf."

Memories of dark streets and snarling shapes flashed in Levi's head. But that was old trauma, and easily ignored. 

Seth looked at Levi up and down "So what happened to you? How did you end up like that?"

It was hard to imagine a scenario where someone would have to ask that, rather than just assuming that it happened as a result of the reality warping experiments that went on down here. But apparently Seth actually knew about several ways to undo the fundamentals of existence, and needed the clarification.

"I'm…" Levi looked down at himself. "Jumper."

Seth blinked "What does that mean?"

"Ornge jumpper?" He tried, but Seth just shook his head. Apparently he wasn't familiar with the redgate slang.

Levi sighed. "I got xperimented on? I'm a prisner here?"

"Oh." Seth remarked, as it suddenly clicked for him that Levi was one of the people he had been tasked with recapturing.

But now that they were talking that detail made things a little more awkward. Then again, Levi did surrender. So why shouldn't he chat with the prisoner? It gave him an excuse to skip out on work after all.

"I don't suppose there's a cure for whatever it was they gave you." Seth mused. "Your best bet would probably be to find a witch of some kind."

"Thereare witches?" Levi asked, fascinated.

Seth shrugged. "I can't imagine there wouldn't be. If dragons are real then witches have to be too. It's just common sense. The real question is if they're friendly or n-"

Seth tilted his head and trailed off. He was listening for something. Had the monster come back around?

"Do you hear that?" Seth asked.

Levi stuck a finger between the side of his face and one of his ears. Propping it open so that at least some sound could get past his ineffectually designed ears. But he still couldn't hear whatever it was.

"No." He admitted with more than a little concern "What is it?"

Seth listened, and slowly drifted his attention back on Levi. With a quizzical look he tilted his head to one side, then the other. 

At last he asked.
"What is that ticking sound? And why is it coming from inside you?"

Levi immediately breathed a sigh of relief. He really did hate that habit, for all that it was ingrained into his biology. But at least it wasn't anything serious. He was really scared for a moment there.

Levi stopped his clicking, and tapped his chest with a clawed hand. "Sorry. Its ecolokattion. Eco… The bat sound thing."

"Oh?" Seth looked surprised and even a bit impressed. "Well that's pretty cool. So you can see your surroundings with sounds?"

"Eh…" Levi made a face, and a so-so gesture with his hands. "It dosen't really work that well."

"Oh…" Seth looked at the ground. It seemed as if that was not the response he was expecting.

He fell silent for a bit after that, before he worked up the courage to ask. "Do you ever get that… twitchy feeling? Or like all your joints are popped out of place and broken, but not in a painful way somehow? Like… If you could just pull your limbs off and set them properly then everything would go back to normal?"

Levi knew exactly what he was talking about. It wasn't ever as bad as the first few days after he woke up, but he still struggled with that horrible disconnected feeling.

Seth grimaced and pulled back a little as he realized he was getting dangerously close to over sharing. Unlike Levi, who had always been rather annoyingly open with his emotions, Seth seemed more stoic and controlled. At least around people he didn't know.

"Or is it one of those situations where you inexplicably understand how the new body works? Those are less debilitating."

Levi's lips twitched as he tried to format a response. He thought he was in uncharted territory here, but apparently this guy was some sort of expert on getting turned into things. Which just… yeah that might as well exist. Why not?!

"Bothish?" Levi answered honestly "I kan swim just fine, but eye've had to learn to walk an talk agan."

"Really?" Seth seemed surprised at that. "Usually the ability to talk is an on or off type deal for me. I couldn't imagine learning… wait, how long did you say it's been since you got transformed?"

"Err…" Levi hummed. "Ists been a liltl over a year now. But I've only bean awake for the last two monts of that."

Now Seth looked properly shocked. "What? No way! The longest I've ever gone is when I was assigned to body swap with that dragon for four weeks! And that nearly drove me insane, counting the days until I got my body back."

Body swapping? Levi was intrigued. It seemed that the DUD had more resources than he had previously thought. And he already imagined them to be basically all powerful. If they could restore Seth's humanity multiple times then maybe they could figure out a solution for him!

He just needed a way to convince them to… throw away the one and only FBT to ever retain their long term sanity… 

Yeah… that wasn't going to happen… was it?

Levi sighed with disappointment. But strangely enough, the fact that there was more crazy nonsense out there was a comfort for once. There was a good chance that there was something out there that could restore his humanity. He'd never be allowed to actually make use of whatever it was even if he did find it. But the fact that it was out there made him feel just a little bit more hopeful for the future somehow.

It changed nothing, it changed everything.

"Thank you."Levi smiled before remembering that his teeth looked inherently threatening.

"For what?" Seth asked, his head tilting to the side in an oddly dog like way.

Levi thought about it for a moment before answering. "For reminding me why I keap stending up."

Seth didn't look like he knew what to do with that. So it was a good thing that he didn't need a response.

A soft sound came from Seth's ear piece. It was far too quiet for Levi to hear, but if Seth's painted expression was anything to go by then it probably wasn't good.

Recently he reached up and clicked a button before answering whoever was on the other end.
"Yeah, I'm all alive… no I didn't kill it. I hid and it moved past me… I don't know what you were expecting me to do without backup, my bullets pass right through that thing… I- yes I read the  briefing! But it was thousands of pages long. How am I supposed to remember every monster's weakness?"

Seth glanced at Levi for a second before mentioning. "Also, I found another prisoner… Yeah they surrendered as soon as they saw me… I don't… look I don't think this one is up to anything. They're… what? No, I understand. Yeah I can wait… Tell him to take his time… Bye."

"Who?" Levi asked as Seth tapped his earpiece off.

He exhaled. "My team. They're fighting that shambling shadow thing that was chasing me earlier. Once it's dead or subdued they're going to send someone to come pick us up."

Levi nodded along. Though actually… Now that he thought about it, he was pretty sure that he had inferred something about this stressed redhead.

"Youre new." he exclaimed quietly before properly asking him "How lorng have you been innvolved with this stuff?"

Seth looked incredibly tired, with a wistful look of longing for a simpler time. "Only a couple years now."

A couple years? And he was already a member of the alpha team? Now that was impressive. "When dib you get into Apha Team?"

Seth looked down at his badge as if he just realized it was there. "The… same? I wasn't exactly put through much in the way of training before I was, quite literally, thrown to the wolves."

Levi pursed his lips as he appraised and reappraised the man in front of him. Seth had to be some sort of powerful psychic or otherwise supernaturally gifted with something. Why else would he be so quickly rushed into such an elite team?

He thought to ask, but Levi got the impression that Seth was just as clueless as to how he ended up where he was. So whatever the reason, it probably wasn't that obvious.

Or maybe there was no reason at all and the black suits simply messed up when they assigned him to the team. But Levi had to believe that the shadowy organization which secretly controlled the entire world was not that incompetent.

Levi saw Seth frown and put two fingers to his earpiece. Not to activate any controls, but simply to press it against his ear and help him hear better. He looked increasingly serious as he intently listened for something on the other end.

"Something is-"
Before Seth could finish that sentence, Levi blinked. And when he opened his eyes again he saw Seth holding his gun out again. Pointing it towards the door with intent to kill.

He looked detached and murderous for a split second, before his expression instantly softened into one of surprise and recognition.

"Andor?"

Levi instantly recognized the name of the most infamous person to ever work for the DUD. A man who had supposedly saved the world more times than most people had fingers. A legend so ridiculously overblown that Levi would have assumed the man was purely fiction if he had not met him in person.

Andor Ragnamma stood in the doorway, an odd looking man gasping for breath and leaning against the plaster. 

He was average height and had an athletic build, and his hair seemed to be a motley mix of every single shade of color that human hair could naturally come in at once. As if every individual hair on his head was a wholly unique shad from each of its neighbors.

Seth seemed annoyed and a bit stressed seeing him. But he holstered his weapon as he complained.
"Damn it man. You can't just sneak up on me like that, I could have shot you!"

Andor seemed like he had been running but he still managed an overly wide grin full of awfully sharp, disorganized, and blindingly white teeth.

"No you couldn't." No you couldn't. He quipped in a silly voice.

Though actually… Come to think of it. Levi remembered his voice sounding just as fake when he met him. Like someone with a naturally deep voice putting on a higher pitch. Or someone with a naturally high pitched voice going as deep as they possibly could. It was one or the other, and it was only unnerving when you stopped to notice that you had no clue which.

"Did you kill the shadow monster?"
Seth asked flatly. Every ounce of his personality seemed to drain away into a stiff blandness while in opposition to the energeticness of the man before him.

Andor composed himself instantly with a highly exaggerated snap to attention. The way he moved was sharp and dramatic. Like everything he did was part of a highly choreographed performance which lined up perfectly with the accompanying music that only he could hear.

"I will have in a bit, but the bugger needs a lil something extra before it'll die right. Whichin why I'll be needing you with us ta romp about an figure it out. See?" Andor spoke with such confidence and theatrical flare. But his voice… everything he said always sounded so ingenuine. It didn't help that his accent was constantly drifting every which way. 

With a happy little saunter across the room, Levi closed the distance and wrapped an arm around Seth's shoulders. Making the man tense up.

Seth was clearly not comfortable with Andor touching him like that. But he either didn't get the hint, or actively enjoyed pushing the boundary as some sort of power move.

"That's fine, or whatever." Seth grumbled before pivoting to his foolproof excuse "But I'm a bit busy at the moment. As you can see I've stumbled across this escaped prisoner that needs to be escorted back to their cell." 

Andor snapped his head to look directly at Levi who gave him a little wave. His eyes were different colors from each other. One eye was icy blue, the other a fiery orangish red with black specks in it.

At first his expression was almost wall eyed. As if he was grinning at something far away behind Levi. But then his eyes dilated notably and he went slack jawed with surprise.

Immediately he released Seth from his death grip, covered his mouth with his knuckles, and sucked in air like an overly excited fangirl meeting their idol for the first time.

"Holy, fractal epitaph. Levi Athan!?"
He exclaimed with both shock and delight.

"Wait, what!? You guys know each other?" Seth snapped, but Levi shared his confusion.

Yes, they had encountered each other six years ago and had an extremely weird and mercifully brief interaction. It had stuck with Levi because it was a part of his weirding event. But why did Andor remember him? And how had he recognized him? 

Was Andor keeping tabs on what was happening with… no. There was no way the most influential person in the world was interested in him. Levi was significant to redgate as a research subject. But there was nothing special about him beyond that. 

So why was Andor smiling at him and walking up to… wait? What was he…

Levi barely had a chance to react before Andor walked right up to him and wrapped his arm around his very narrow shoulders. "Well shiver me sidewards. It's been forever! How are you laddy? What have you been up to?"

Oh God oh gosh! Why was he hugging him? If Levi ended up accidentally electrocuting this man, then there was going to be hell to pay. Possibly literally!

"I…" Levi's jaw worked as he struggled to choke out a response.

Andor looked him up and down, then laughed with a huge grin and a wink. "I was wondering when you'd finally get your eyes. It's a right shame I missed it."

Not content to sit still for even a second, Andor stepped to the other side of Levi and elbowed him in the ribs. "You are quite the late bloomer eh? But I think you've finally qualified for this."

Levi's head was spinning and he felt like he was going to pass out. But he heard the "tink" of something metallic getting flicked into the air. Like a coin maybe?

He didn't try to catch it, but it still landed in his hand. Causing his figures to reflexively tighten and grab… a little silver badge?

"Welcome to beta team!" Andor chirped with a huge grin and jazz hands. Then he rolled his eyes "I'd put you on alpha, but Seth already has the whole…" he made finger quotes "Getting-turned-into-things, pattern. So you'd just crowd his gimmick. You know? Besiiiiides. He's got more… je ne sais quoi."

Seth raised his hand and almost immediately tried to interject. "Still. If they could take my place then I would be more than happy to ste-"

Andor did a dynamic and wholly unnecessary spin backwards before striking a pose with finger guns pointed at Seth "Not gonna happen. Face it bub, you're stuck with us."

That brief flicker of hope drained instantly from Seth's expression and he sighed dejectedly down at the ground.

Andor zipped back to Levi and scratched his chin in an exaggerated thinking gesture. "Though the fact that you turned up at all means that you are special somehow. At least for now… hmm…. I wonder..."

Levi wanted to read the engraving on the badge he was tossed. But he felt like he couldn't take good eyes off Andor for even a moment.

The man was so animated! Not only did he move fast, but he also moved constantly and unpredictably. Like a living tornado.

He danced around Levi, inspecting him way too close. Hemming and humming to himself with performative interest. He even went so far as to pick up Levi's tail and feel how thick the muscle was along it. Which made Levi yelp in surprise and pain from that broken crook near the end.

"Do you have any special skills?" He mused as he inspected him. "Preferably something that could be used against a shadow monster?"

Andor very rudely started up into Levi's open mouth, unabashedly squinting as he stood on his tiptoes trying to look down his throat and past his teeth. "Can you breathe fire?"

"Bakk up! Shock dangger!" Levi had to cut in to get a word in edgewise. And now seemed as good a time as any because Andor was just so overbearing and chatty.

Andor jumped backwards, transitioning his momentum into a cartwheel and then a rather high vertical jump. And these weren't the huge hallways in the contentment and testing wings of the facility, so he just barely did not smack his head against the ceiling with that move. It was frankly impressive but entirely unnecessary.

Seth looked back and forth between the two of them and nervously leaned away from Levi.

Andor stared at him with a blank expression. Blinking one eye and then the other. Before placing his hands on his hips expectantly. "Well?"

Levi was flabbergasted. And more than a little confused.

Andor groaned like a frustrated and disappointed child. "Where is the shock dangger? I was expecting you to vomit a bolt of lightning or something."

Sputtering and searching for a way to convey information quickly enough to keep pace with this tornado of a man, Levi pointed at the little blue wisps of light that were getting to form around him.

Andor blinked expectantly "Is that it?"

Levi felt a wave of embarrassment but he shoved it down. It may not be out in full force yet but he was still dangerous. He wasn't being hysterical or silly for wanting to be cautious.

"It gets worse when my hart beets fastr." He explained calmly. Trying to center himself and bring the threat down.

Andor's expectant stare slowly twisted into an evil grin that wouldn't have looked out of place on Levi's muzzle with how inhumanly wide it was. "Reeeeeaaaaaaly?" He purred with mischievous glee.

Andor placed two fingers to his ear and said “Tell Nik I found our ace in the hole.” Then he winked for some reason, and lunged forward.

Levi yelped like an animal as Andor grabbed his arm and started pulling him towards the door. The man was about a foot shorter than him but he was also surprisingly strong. ”What are you doing?! You gong to make it worse! Let go!” Levi pleaded frantically as he was pulled along at a much faster pace than he was comfortable walking.

Seth gave Andor a scolding glare as he followed the two of them out of the room. “Stop that Sir. You're scaring him.”

Andor just flashed him a smile and gestured to the blinking sparks dancing around them. “But it gets us them glinties. And besides, we need him for a jolly good third half conflict!”

“I don’t know what that means.” Seth said with an exasperated sigh as he followed the two of them from a safe distance. Seemingly unconcerned for the danger that Andor was putting himself in. Did they know that Levi’s power was inconsistent when it came to inflicting harm? Or were they just that reckless?

Levi tried to stumble out some words of protest. Maybe something about how it was unnecessary for Andor to be holding his arm like that, because he was willing to walk on his own. But even if he could get the words out, he wouldn't have been able to convince him anyway. Simply for the fact that he was much too slow for this mad man's liking.

And so a few hellish minutes flashed by before Levi was allowed to collapse to his knees and try to stop the shaking of his body trying to catch up. Only then did he hear the gunshots, the screams, the dark echoing humming sound, and the jovial hollering of Andor. "I'm back y'all! Ready to rumble and bringing friends."

A much more annoyed and professional voice answered him. "We don't need more reinforcements. What we need is more salt pellets! Seth! Good to see you're okay. Get back over here and help us out!"

Levi looked up and saw a small continent of DUD agents. Firing rounds into… Working together to try to contain… Fighting a…

Nothing screamed at him. A twisting emptiness looming larger than any physical space could possibly contain it. In it's depths Levi saw shadows of mirrors reflecting what it was like before he was born.

This was not one of theirs. Redgate had opened the way for horrors which Levi had previously thought impossible. But this… non-thing? This was foreign to all of it. Perhaps there were glimpses of its likeness before. Outlines imprinted onto the shadows.

In the deepest depths of that forced dream he saw a pool that got damn near close to it.

But this? It couldn't be described as anything. The only way to try was to describe what it wasn't. It wasn't smoke. It wasn't darkness. It wasn't a hole opening up to swallow the world around it. It was…

"Hey!" Someone snapped their fingers and pulled Levi's attention away from…

"Hey hey! Look at me!" Andor grabbed Levi's snout and physically pulled it to point at him. "Don't gaze into the veil without getting some grinding context first. K?"

With a cheerful smile he papped the sides of his cheeks and let go. Allowing Levi to look at the…
The veil?

Levi blinked at the… a shimmering curtain of endless layers of silky black cloth billowed in a twirling tornado. Screaming ghostly faces of damned souls tried to push their way out of the vortex and-

That wasn't what it looked like before? It didn't look like… it wasn't… Levi blinked as he grappled with the undeniable fact that what he was perceiving right now wasn't really what he was looking at. Rather, it was a mental filter. A suggestion planted by Andor which had rapidly filled the void of… whatever the veil was hiding.

One of the agents risked glances at them between shots. She was a blond woman with eyes so blue that they made the rest of the world around them look dull and desaturated by comparison. It was the sort of that sounded very complimentary in theory, but was actually somewhat uncanny in practice.

"You're helping them?" She asked with an incredulous look. Then she narrowed her eyes suspiciously. "Why? Who are they?"

Andor kicked a gun up from off the floor and caught it without bending down or even acknowledging its previous owner. "Oooh… no one. Just some rando I picked up on my way up to rescue our deer Sethy boy."

A larger man with glistening bronze skin, an eye patch, and countless scars made a comment without taking his eyes off the target. "We all know you don't acknowledge no ones Andor. Tell us what you're really playing at and maybe we can help you set the pieces up."

For the first time Andor actually showed some annoyance at that. "For pete's sake. Can't I just recruit a wayward yokle to our cause without you two immediately jumping down my throat about it?" 

Screams interrupted their banter as one of the other agents was lifted into the air and was brutally dismembered. Actually… no. The blood raining down didn't interrupt the banter at all. Instead the abject horror of it made a lot of things seem too trivial to care about.

In a tired deadpan voice the harsh, overly blue eyed woman droned. "Can we just skip to the part where you pull some contrived solution out of your ### and save the day? Every minute we waste pretending you don't already know how we're going to beat this thing causes more people to die."

Andor looked offended as he tumbled out of the way of a 
rushing torrent of black cloth that tried to sweep him up and tear him to shreds.
He carelessly emptied a clip of ammo into the monster just to beat it back and get some breathing room to justify himself.

"Why do you assume I know how to beat it? Besides, it's so risky! So we should only do it as a last resort. Maybe we will lose more men by jumping to conclusions. And haven't you ever heard the term, it's not about the destination, it's about the journey?" Andor reasoned as he nonchalantly tumbled around the monster's slow grasping attacks.

And to be fair, those first two were actually really good reasons to listen to him. But the tall gaunt woman did not look impressed. Infact, she looked entirely joyless and resigned. Like she was an entirely dispensable worker who nevertheless had been working here longer than any of the managers.

"You can pull that #### with the rookie- No offense Seth -but you know just as well that the last resort is always the only thing that actually works. So why don't you listen to me for once and skip the theatrics. Otherwise we are wasting lives and men."

As those two half fought and half argued, the bronze skinned man and Seth had gone silent and fully devoted their attention to fighting the thing. Only occasionally calling out to each other to coordinate their efforts.

"Salt pellets only! Regular bullets pass right through."

"Got it. Cover me."

"Trying!"

"Almost- Nik watch out!"

A billowing weave of silk decided on the large man and with surprising effort picked him up. Nik struggled to break free, growling with barely contained rage.

He should have been instantly squished like the others. But the monster seemed to hesitate as if it was savoring the pain and anguish it was inflicting.

But why? It hadn't done that for anyone else.

It didn't matter. All that mattered was that he had some precious seconds in which someone could potentially save him!

Seth shot three times and expertly hit three distinct targets with better than laser precision. But Levi and him were looking at two entirely distinct interpretations of the same enemy. So to him the bullets seemed to disappear and never really land anywhere.

But even if Levi couldn't see what he hit, he could still see the reaction of the monster. Billowing plumes of cloth jerked back, and Nik was hosted up as a human shield. But Seth didn't hesitate at all and simply shot around his compatriot.

As if realizing that it had failed to dissuade its attacker, the veil threw Nik at Seth like a tornado throwing debris.

Seth was just barely quick enough to dive out of the way, but Nik went tumbling. With the force of a throw like that he was either dead or his bones were thoroughly broken.

Levi looked around at the dwindling members of alpha team. Wondering if they were going to stand their ground, or if they were going to fall back to look for a more advantageous place for a last stand.

Andor was laughing like a maniac as he expertly dodged and waved around grasping ribbons of black cloth. The woman with the blue eyes was following close behind, trying and failing to reason with him. Both of them were making unaimed pistol shots at the opponent, but it was clear that fighting was a side priority for them.

The bullets made the… creature flinch. But they didn't seem to do any real damage. It was more of a deterrent than anything, like spraying a cat with water. 

Another soldier was unceremoniously grabbed and thrown. Landing in two big chunks on either side of Levi with a thunderous splattering sound.

This was not the first time that Levi had been in a situation like this. Frozen helpless in a moment where everything was going wrong and people were dying. It never actually felt real as it was happening. Like an awful dream the world seems to smudge into itself.

Everything was happening too fast. The flickering blue sparks were still a mild haze that had yet to catch up with the severity of the situation.

Levi was no hero. It was something he learned about himself more times than he cared to count. When the chips were down and everyone else went running for better or for worse, he stayed still and watched it all fall apart.

By the time his brain caught, the pivotal moment would usually already be over. And he would then try to make up for his inaction by trying to pick up the pieces of the aftermath.

But sometimes he'd catch himself before everything was over and push himself towards hasty action.

Running on autopilot, Levi took a weapon from a corpse. "M Sorry." He hissed through clenched teeth. He had already desiccated one corpse earlier today, and now he was robbing another. Not the most proud moment, but he did what he had to.

The gun felt familiar yet foreign in his hands. It was clearly a MPF of some kind with it's plastic frame and the subtly impossible geometry of it's ammo clip. But it was not quite the same model that redgate used.

His hands were shaky and his fingers were a different length than what he was used to. But a gun was still a gun. He aimed into that tornado of black silk and pulled the trigger with his claws.

Bang!

The sound was swallowed up with the rest of the battle, but he felt his bones rattle with the kick of the recoil. The shot itself went wide of course. As the salt pellet shattered into powder against the ceiling.

What was he doing? Why was he ever hired for this job? He wasn't a soldier. He was a terrible shot even before he had claws. They should have trained him more. He should have taken the initiative and trained himself more. He wasn't ready for any of this!

Levi shot again. And again. And again. He fired shot after shot, wasting far more ammo than the little weapon should have been able to hold.

And when he finally did empty the entire extra dimensional clip, he went back and stole the spare magazine from the other half of the body.

Reloading it was tricky. He wasn't sure if it was his hands, the weapon being slightly different, or some kind of malfunction, but the new magazine did not want to click into place.

Levi was deeply aware of the fighting around him, and his incompetence was weighing on him like an anvil. Each mistake resulted in him becoming more frazzled as he tried to make up for lost time he knew he didn't have. He had to do something, there had to be a reason why he was here, him getting out of bed this morning had to amount to something, even if it was just something small, he had to-

Levi jumped as the MPF was snatched away from him. He looked up with a start and saw the blue eyed women standing amid the swirling vortex of sparks. She instantly fixed the issue and finished the reload, before glaring at him and disdainfully tossing the weapon aside like it was trash.

She… she should have been beautiful. By all accounts she had the facial features and body of a gorgeous super model. The kind of person any advertiser would cynically use to sell their products. 

And yet there was something else about her. Some unknown factor which outweighed all else, and made her unpleasant to be around.

Her body may have been the picture of health and beauty. But there was nothing left behind those tired, bright, uncaring, overly saturated eyes.

"Let's get this over with." She said to no one in particular before bending her knees in a squat to get on eye level with Levi. She looked him up and down like a potential tool. "Who are you? Why is Andor acknowledging your existence?"

Levi choked on his reply and she snapped her fingers in front of his face. "Chop chop. I don't have all day."

Nervously he stumbled over himself trying to force words out. "Yewshoulddnt be tis close! Ey could hort you!" To emphasize this, he pointed up at the coalescing dome of electrical energy surrounding them.

The woman glanced up, gave no reaction whatsoever, and then glanced back down. "Not a threat yet. I don't care." 

Then she jammed an accusatory finger into his chest. "You talk like an idiot. Where are you from? Actually don't answer that, I don't care. What are you doing here now? What are you going to do to fix this mess?" She gestured dismissively at the rampaging Vail.

"I…" Levi struggled to answer any of that, but she was pressing him really hard so he had to say something. "Who ar yeu?"

She gave him a look of disgust, no doubt because of his broken English. But she answered promptly. "Agent Nomer, Alpha team. I assume you are already familiar with the DuD? If not then you are too far behind for anyone to bother catching you up."

A man went screaming past them, and a corpse landed on the floor beside them. Nomer took note of the disturbance, but did not even flinch at it. It was horrifyingly obvious that she was just… used to this.

Levi tried to search for words but agent Nomer did not suffer any amount of silence. "Did you cause the beach? No? Do you have any special information that could help us recapture the others?"

Levi thought about Frank Ricci and the plan to use his teleportation power to smuggle trapped people out of the facility. That… probably wasn't something he wanted to disclose. 

Thankfully, agent Nomer took his hesitation as an excuse to continue talking over him. "You have to have some reason to be here. Otherwise Andor wouldn't be nudging you into place. He knows something, or at the very least he suspects it."

She let out a huge put upon sigh of frustration as she rolled her eyes. "And as per usual he is going to try to drag this out as long as possible by waiting until the very last moment to do whatever harebrained scheme he is sitting on."

She looked at Levi with a puzzled look of frustration and concentration. Squinting at him like she was trying to do math in her head. "I've got to figure out what he sees in you and make use of it ASAP. I might be able to skip over a good portion of the fighting if-"

She effortlessly dodged the chuck of thrown plaster wall, as if someone had warned her to get out of the way. If Levi hadn't been sitting down then it would have taken his head off!

But she went on as if nothing has happened. "If I can guess what the endgame is here. I think I have most of it, but the only peice I'm missing is what you have to do with it."

"eeeeThrew a rock at me!" Levi protested with a squeak. As he held his probably broken tail in both hands.

Agent Nomer scratched her chin as she circled Levi. It seemed she had abandoned all attempts to fight the… thing, in favor of scrutinizing him. "Your aim is trash, you move like an infant, and you seem like a bit of a wimp. In sgort, you're useless in traditional combat. Perhaps something a little more supernatural then? A sacrifice maybe?"

Levi flinched. Hearing his own insecurities repeated back to him by a cold dispassionate stranger was absolutely devastating to his self worth. But he'd have to process that later.

Instead he rationed his attention to the only thing that really mattered. Which was making sure he didn't hurt anyone else. "Plese." He begged "Move bakk. I'm dangirus!"

Agent Nomer glanced up at the dizzying cloud of sparks and narrowed her eyes. "Why? This? I'm not sure what you know about electricity. But if this was real electrical discharge then it wouldn't just tingle slightly when it passes through my fingers."

To prove a point she intentionally grabbed a dancing mote of lighting out of the air and then uncurled her fingers to show off an empty palm.

"Real sparks would burn my hand, or at least do more than tingle when they pass through flesh." she remarked calmly "Which unfortunately means that this little light show is all dazzle, and no razzle. It's not a threat to me or anyone else, it's just an illusion."

Levi shook his head. "No. Is real! I dont no why it dosnt hurrt. But it get worse when my hart beet faster. If I get realy really scard or if I get anngery than it starts hurting thins!"

He was trying to warn her, but her reaction did not show even the slightest bit of concern. Instead her eyebrows rose in mild surprise as she considered it.

Then she pinched the bridge of her nose and groaned. "Oh of course that's where this is going. I am an idiot."

Levi did not have time to react before she grabbed his arm and started pulling him along like a child. "Come on. I know where you're supposed to be."

He winced at the touch. Her hands were very soft compared to his scales, but her grip was strong and almost painfully tight. If he threw all his weight behind him then he could easily overpower her. But he wasn't uncertain of her intentions, so he was mostly just concerned with her safety.

"Wha- where are y-?" Levi protested with a few light tugs. But she just tugged him back harder.

"Shut your whining!" She snapped "Don't make this difficult for me. I want to go home and get drunk, and people are dying or whatever. So just work with me here. It will make this so much easier."

She was dragging him close towards the monster. Phenomenon? The thing that was picking off it's attackers one by one.

It had to be stopped. She was right about that at least. And if there was anything he could do...

"Oky. Okay!" Levi wrestled his hand free from her grip. They were far too close to blowing thing, but he had to believe that she had a plan. "Whatdo you need me ti do?"

The women looked him up and down, then gazed up at the swirling mass. She seemed transfixed by it for just a moment. That she shrugged irreverently.

"Hell if I know. Some bull #### no doubt."
Then she kicked him in the gut. Hard…

Agent Nomer was not a very big woman. If anything she was a bit waifish. But unlike Levi, she had received rigorous training on how to take down a much larger opponent.

It was a skill that she had practiced, and honed down to a fine and deadly point. That and she had taken him by surprise.

Levi Athan felt the air leaving his lungs as his body was shoved towards the spiraling pillar of dark cloth.

"Miss Nomer!" Andor snapped in a scolding tone. "What do you think you're doing?"

Levi lost his balance again, but it wasn't just the kick which toppled him. There was something like a strong wind which was pulling him towards the Vail, and it was only getting stronger.

In a panic Levi tried to sink his claws into the ground to keep him from sliding further. But the smooth concrete did not leave much for him to grab onto.

"H-help!" Levi cried between the crack of gunfire and his own frantic animalistic whimpering.

Andor ducked and weaved to avoid something Levi couldn't see to go confront Agent Nomer. "You can't go punting low ranking personnel into class D instances! Direct merger is too dangerous as anything other than a last resort. And I just gave him that memetic filter. Would it have killed you to just let me shoot at it for more than a minute before you start skipping steps?"

She folded her arms and looked at him with a cold stare. Seemingly unafraid of the battlefield around her. "You're just upset because you didn't get to be the one to push him."

The two of them bickered as Levi slid further and further towards the monster. He screamed and yowled, occasionally mixing actual words between his shrill barks for help.

Neither of the two veterans paid him any mind, and his desperate pleading fell on deaf ears. Except for one person who hollered back from the exact opposite side of the anomaly.

"Hold on! I'm coming to get you!" Seth shouted out as he ran. At least he understood the gravity of this situation.

The large bronze skinned man, Nik, was limping after him. Amazingly, he had somehow managed to not only survive the throw, but also stay in good enough shape to keep fighting.

"Hury!" Levi begged through clenched teeth. The suction effect drawing him in towards that writing twister of cloth was growing stronger, and it took all his strength to dig into the ground with his claws and keep himself stationary. If he had regular fingernails instead of talons then he would have been lost already!

He had already given up on the two agents arguing right in front of him. They both knew he was about to die and couldn't care less. So he had no choice but to put all his hope on the other two.

"I don't care if it's the right decision Miss. We have to exhaust all possible approaches before we risk Betta team personnel!" Andor argued as he effortlessly twisted out of the way of a lash of cloth.

Miss walked after him, not trying to dodge anything but still somehow managing to avoid every attack sent her way. "You just promoted him out of nowhere, brought him here, and gave him a memetic filter. I'm not dumb Andor. I know he beats this thing."

"But you don't know how yet!" Andor protested "What if you toss him to his death? Then we lose out on the contrivance, the anomaly unfolds out of control, this whole island slips between the cracks, and then we have to invoke the Mindsunder to patch the hole. Is that what you want?"

"It won't come to that." Miss Nomer insisted flatly.

"And why, pray tell, not?" Andor asked through a cleared toothy smile.

Without missing a beat she answered. "The stakes are too high. A failure on our part would threaten the current continuity too much. So we benefit from course correction."

Andor cuffed her on the back of the head and waggled his finger at her. "Now lass, you're tots overestimating course correct. Losing a whole bleeding island might seem like a huge shift. But depending on the wider cultural relevance, it can actually be pretty negligible all things considered. Now… if this was Easter Island, then maybe you'd have a point. But-"

What was wrong with them? They were so flippant and casual. Levi had seen something like that before. In response to trauma people often grew callous and distant. They stopped seeing people as people after a while. In order to cope with their trauma they learned not to care. Otherwise they'd never be able to do their job.

Yeah… these two weren't that. They were proper monsters, ones that played with other people's lives like a child might play with a toy.

The other two however…

Seth strafed around the anomaly in a quick and methodical fashion. He was not moving quite as fast as he possibly could if he ran a full sprint, but he had to keep his torso constantly rotated towards the thing so that he could track it with his gun.

Bang! 
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
Bang! 
Bang! Bang!

A loud and consistent sound interjected itself into the chaos. As grand lashes of swirling silk assaulted Seth, they seemed to strike against an invisible wall which protected him.

Until you realized that each attack was actually being shot down by a bullet of salt. Always at the same distance, timed and aimed perfectly to never waste a shot or deviate from the previous flawless execution.

Every time Seth pulled the trigger it was purely to defend himself. Not because he wasn't aggressive or skilled enough to push the assault. But because he had already hit each spot he wanted to within the first half a minute of getting his hands on the salt ammo. And from this he concluded that the salt didn't do any real damage, and instead only acted as a deterrent.

Nik limped behind him. He had suffered severe injuries that left half of his body and face heavily bruised. Still, he stoically kept moving despite looking like he was already dead. And weirdly enough, he was able to keep time. Strangely enough, he seemed to be casually familiar with limping through catastrophic injury.

No one else seemed to be subject to the same gravitational force that was pulling Levi towards the anomaly. His head spun as the floor he was so desperately trying to cling to started to tilt up. The slope gradually growing steeper and steeper before his eyes.

"Hold on! We're coming!" Seth called out between gunshots, but everything was happening too fast.

Levi's talons were filed down to the quick as his claws dragged down the smooth concrete. Leaving deep groves trailing down the floor. 

All of the apathy that had weighed him down earlier was gone. Replaced by a burning bed to survive. He'd fight tooth and claw if he had to. So long as it kept him away from that thing!

A sickening click replaced the bang of gunfire. And Seth nearly had his head pulled off of his shoulders. But Nik grabbed Seth by the collar and pulled him back. Then he punched the second tendril that tried to reach for them.

"I'm out!" Seth winced "All I've got left are real bullets."

"Got it." Nik grunted as he repositioned to take a fighting stance between Seth and the veil.

The swirling tendrils of cloth almost seemed to hesitate, but soon enough they started lashing again.

And Nik punched the airy silk and somehow created an impact that could be heard! Not a hard sound necessary, but still something with an unusual amount of weight to it.

Did he have magic fists or something? What was happening?

Nik did not have the same mechanical precision that Seth had. At least not when he was this badly injured. So watching him literally box with shadows was a much more nerve wracking and risky business.

And their forward momentum was more than halved because of how much more he has to focus to ward off attacks.

"Are you going to be okay?" Seth asked, worried about his companion.

Nik just grunted.
"I can hold it back, but not for long… all this fighting…" he fell silent for a moment then shook his head. "If I lose control then everyone dies. So I need you to shoot me if I start laughing. Non lethally of course, I'd rather not die needlessly if that's all the same to you."

Seth hesitated, clearly feeling the pressure of that request. But the moment demanded instantaneous responses and little questions. "Sure, I can do that for you. Just get me close to him."

All Levi could do was listen to their conversations and their efforts to get to him as clung on for dear life. The floor had turned into the surface of a steep hill, and at some point it was going to transition into being more of a wall.

Why was he not dead yet?

The Vail had actively tried to attack the others. It grabbed and sliced at everyone around it with the intention to harm. So why was not one of those attacks directed at Levi? He was the closest one to it by a significant margin. And it wasn't like he could dodge or block anything that might come his way.

Was he just incredibly lucky? Was the sword of Damocles about to fall on him at any moment? He couldn't look over his shoulder to check because he had to keep clinging to the concrete as hard as he could.

Levi had never fully accustomed himself to the wider field of view that his new eyes gave him. But that sense of distortion only got more dizzying now that the world was rotating for him and only him.

Seth made a run for it. Sprinting across what looked like the wall to Levi. But then it happened. Finally the surface became too steep. Levi's claws skid against the concrete, losing grip and falling into an inescapable slide towards-

Seth lunged forwards and grabbed onto Levi's hand! Somehow he had managed to outrun gravity and catch him at the last second!

Normally Levi would flinch at anyone touching him. Especially when he was scared and coursing with electricity, as he was right now. But now was not the time for caution. His power almost never hurt anyone anyway, and he desperately needed someone to cling to.

Levi's legs started to dangle as Seth lifted him… no… pulled him back. And the weird gravity only got weirder as Nik took position between Levi and the veil. Just standing on the wall from his perspective. Punching the occasional tendril that tried to pull him out of the way.

"I… Got you…" Seth grunted as he struggled to hold on. Levi may have been built like a string bean, but he was also seven feet tall. And his tail wasn't exactly light either.

"Dont let go!" Levi pleaded as he tried to pull himself up, or catch the wall with his feet, or do literally anything to help.

"The other two are getting involved." Droned Miss Nomer as she watched them with disinterest.

Andor glanced over at the life or death scene before him, then he just nodded. "Yeah? And good for them. It's nice to see them protecting this team rather than tearing it apart trying to skip procedure."

"None of this is protocol and you know it." She countered.

Andor gagged "Not protocol! Procedure you sod. We go in, pull some zany ventures. Punch some things. Fail a few times. Get kidnapped maybe. Then we save the day! It's a good bit, a great formula. A real ten outta ten, classic and all that."

She rolled her eyes. "Don't mess with your precious formula. I got it. So now that we are here, what do we do?"

Andor enthusiastically pointed towards the sky.
"We brainstorm smart things until we figure out what we are missing! And for that you should tell me everything you know about the blue guy I promoted to beta team. I'm serious. I have no clue what his deal is or what he is doing here. I thought he lived in the Midwest."

"Why would you-" she caught herself before she could bother questioning him. "He is a living live wire. He says it gets worse when he is scared, but it doesn't seem to hurt anything. Though I think he said that being angry makes it hurt people."

Nik was boxing the veil like his life depended on it. And judging by his labored breathing, he was starting to tire out.

But was that just labored breathing? Why did it sound so… wait… his breath was catching rapidly. Nik tried his best to suppress it, but as his tight boxing moves were supplanted by wild careless swings, Nik couldn't help but to break out into quiet, almost choked snickering.

"Mr. Nogard?" Seth was sweating profusely. He had a panicked look in his eyes but he tried to keep his voice level as he tried to talk Nik down through clenched teeth. "Slow down. You're- urgh! You're losing it. Come. Help me pull him back instead."

Nik snapped around sharply, flicking specs of blood and sweat off his body with the viciousness of the motion. He was grinning ear to ear, with a painful looking smile and his eyes were wild. He looked insane. No, not even that. Comparing him with your average mentally challenged individual would do them a grave disservice.

He looked gleefully violent, and deeply unstable.

"If I dOnt hIT tHis thiNG yOu DIE." Nik pointed out. It seemed almost sensible, but there was something deeply wrong with him.

His voice was… echoing intermittently. Like there was something else trying its best to copy his words and follow along. Something deeper, larger, and more imposing. Behind that strange effect, he had a longing tone. Like he was desperately trying to justify to himself that whatever he was trying to avoid was still a ways off.

Seth grunted "Just... lend me a hand. You're stronger than me and this guy is heavy!"

Nik growled like Levi did when he was annoyed and disdainfully slashed away another tendril of cloth. At some point he stopped punching and started swiping with his palms open. Raking his opponent with imagery claws that actually seemed to be pretty effective somehow.

Andor laughed suddenly. It was a sudden warbling giggle that oscillated between high and low pitch. "Told you! And you wanted to just toss em in thar an hope for the best. HA! But don't worry. I know what you missed now."

Everything was happening all at once. Gravity wasn't working. Levi's head was spinning. Seth's grip was failing. There was a nearly imperceptible glow bleeding through the eyepatch on Nik's right eye. Miss was folding her arms and watching.

And Andor was doing a rather impressive cartwheel flip closer. Before cupping his hands to his mouth and shouting. "Howdy!"

Everyone, expert for Seth, turned to see if Andor was addressing them. And he gained stupidly wide as he couldn't help himself but to linger on his next words as a dramatic pause.

Then, while he was looking directly into Levi's eyes, he said six very small but very powerful words. "They are coming for our kids."

It was such a seemingly random thing to say. No context given to qualify who or what he was referring to. But once Levi's mind caught up and fully processed what he had been told, he felt his heart clench.

What did this thing want with children? What would it do to Riley if it-

"Aaack!" Cried Seth as he reflexively pulled his hand away from the thing which shocked him.

The world held still in that terrible moment where it all came crashing down. Giving them both what felt like an infinite time to communicate what went wrong. And about no time to actually act.

Seth's eyes went wide as he watched Levi start to fall. Knowing that there was no way he would be able to catch him again, but reaching out anyway. As if he could outrun gravity.

Levi heard his heartbeat pound in his chest. He was about to die. That seemed almost certain now. But all he could think was… what had Andor meant by that?

Who was going to do what to which kids? The way he said it… It was a casual truth that made his skin crawl. Like a callous reminder of a dull mundane kind of evil. That scummy type of harm which tricked you into thinking of it as unavoidable, and numbed you into accepting it simply because it was everywhere.

"Nik!" Seth shouted in desperate slow motion. But by the time the words left his mouth, Levi had already fallen past the man.

Not that Nik even tried to reach for him. He looked like he was closer to finding a small fluffy animal to skin it alive than he was to do anything altruistic. And the other two were far too far to do anything.

Levi was no stranger to falling. He had taken countless small tumbles since the design of his legs changed. But this… every sickening second of weightlessness sank that pit in Levi's throat even deeper. As the landscape flew upward away from him.

Why had Andor said that to him? Why did his electrical aura suddenly decide to hurt Seth when it had been so weirdly harmless before? 

His fear seemed harmless. But then just the smallest spark of anger… was this intentional?! Had Andor purposely said something to make him angry, to hurt Seth, to force him to let him go, to cause him to fall to his death?

No, that was stupid. So why did he say it then? Was he really, earnestly informing him of a threat? How was any of that to matter when everything was about to end for him?  